Yeah
Got him now
Hey, Cube! Cube, boy!
What, what? Whattup?
Get your ass up!
Ohh, shit
Time to go!
Ooh, man, shit
We goin' for a 'little walk
(Close 7)
'Ey, man. 'Ey, man!
What?
I never did like you
Open it up!
Strap him in!
All right, calm down
You got any last words?
Yeah, yeah, I got some last words
Fuck all ya'll!
Switch
Was America willing to maintain order, no matter what the cost?




1234567890






I heard payback's a motherfucking nigga
That's why I'm sick of getting treated like a goddamn stepchild
Fuck a punk, 'cause I ain't him
You gotta deal with the nine-double-M
The day is coming that you'll all hate
Just think if niggas decide to retaliate
They try to keep me from running up
I never tell you to get down, it's all about coming up
So what they do, go and ban the AK?
My shit wasn't registered any fucking way
So you better duck away, run and hide out
When I'm rolling real slow and the lights out
'Cause I'm about to fuck up the program
Shooting out the window of a drop-top Brougham
When I'm shooting, let's see who drop
The police, the media, and suckers that went pop?
And motherfuckers that say they too black
Put 'em overseas, they be begging to come back
And say we promote gangs and drugs
You wanna sweep a nigga like me up under the rug
Kicking shit called street knowledge
Why more niggas in the pen' than in college?
Because of that line, I might be your cellmate
That's from the nigga ya love to hate


(Fuck you, Ice Cube!)
Yeah, haha! It’s the nigga you love to hate
(Fuck you, Ice Cube!)
(Ay, yo, baby, your mother warned you about me)
It's the nigga you love to hate
(Yo, you ain’t doin' nothin' positive!
Yo, you ain’t doin' nothin' positive for the brothers, what you gotta say for yourself?)
(You don't like how I'm living? Well, fuck you)


Once again it's on, the motherfucking psycho
Ice Cube the bitch-killer, cap-peeler
Yo, running through the line like Bo, there's no pot to piss in
I put my fist in
Now, who do ya love to hate?
'Cause I talk shit and down the eight-ball 'cause I don't fake
You're begging I fall off
The crossover, might as well cut them balls off
And get your ass ready for the Lenching
The Mob is dropping common sense and
We'll gank in the pen', we'll shank
Any Tom, Dick and Hank, and get the ass spanked
It ain't about how right or wrong you live, but how long you live
I ain't with the bullshit
I meet mo' bitches, mo' hoes
Don't wanna sleep so I keep popping No-Doz
And tell the young people what they gotta know
'Cause I hate when niggas gotta live low
And, if you're locked up, I dedicate my stylin'
From San Quentin to Rikers Island
We got 'em afraid of the funky shit
I like to clown so pump up the sound
In your Jeep, make the old ladies say
"Oh my god — brake, it's the nigga ya love to hate"


Soul Train done lost they soul
Just call it train 'cause the bitches look like hoes
I see a lotta others, damn
It almost look like the Bandstand
You ask me, did I like Arsenio?
About as much as the Bicentennial
I don't give a fuck about dissing these fools
'Cause they all scared of the Ice Cube
And what I say, what I portray and all that
And ain't even seen the gat
I don't wanna see no dancing
I'm sick of that shit — listen to the hit
'Cause, yo, if I look and see another brother
On the video trying to out-dance each other
I'ma tell T-Bone to pass the bottle
And don't give me that shit about role model
It ain't wise to chastise and preach
Just open the eyes of each
'Cause laws are made to be broken up
What niggas need to do is start loc-ing up
And build, mold and fold they self into shape
Of the nigga you love to hate




1234567890






Ice Cube with Da Lench Mob, I got it goin' on
A nigga that's livin' in the city of the criminal zone
One-time can't keep the law in order
'Cause everybody's goin' crazy for a quarter
You're tuned in to the number one crew in the area
The way I'm talkin' I'm scarin' ya
I'm darin' ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag
Or beat down for ya flag
'Cause if you is or you ain't a gangbanger
Keep one in the chamber
'Cause you'll get them thangs put on ya son
Ice Cube has got the 4-1-1
All the ol' school house fellows are crooks
So I get jealous looks
They keep thinkin' did my head grow?
Will the boys in the hood have to beat down Ice Cube?
Hell no, I'll static son, you'll see it's okay
I keep my nine anyway
For the day one of my homies wanna squab
I'm still rollin' wit Da Lench Mob




Them's the motherfuckers you don't wanna fuck with
(America's Most Wanted)


Back in the day I did my share of dirt
Sometimes I got away clean, sometimes people got hurt
But if you know me, you know that I'm liable
To bust a cap 'cause it's all about survival of the fittest
I'm a menace crook
I did so much dirt, I need to be in the Guinness Book
From the shit I took from people
I repo your 'Vette, then jet
Back to the criminal set
I leave clue after clue, but they can't catch me yet
'Cause I'm slick and slippery
They can't get with me, cops ain't shit to me
I can't dig a pig, so I drop the dogs
And sweat em like sweathogs
And get mad, mad 'cause I'm the nigga that flaunt it
AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted




(Ayo, what the fuck you sweatin me for mister officer man
He said a motherfuckin' hamburger stand got broken in
Do I look hungry motherfucker?)
We got ways to make you move




Aiyo, here's what the poster read
"Ice Cube is wanted dead"
That's all it said
I put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green
Hear shots and si-reens
When I fiend, first they yo' rings, now they my rings
So give it up punk and then I just
Put another jack in progress
It's the American way
'Cause I'm the G-A-N-G-S-T-A
Ice Cube, a motherfuckin' klepto
And tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so
Who gets the worm?
And if I'm caught in a trap, you know I'ma beat the rap
With a payoff, cop gotta lay off
FBI on my dick, stay off!
I'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest
I'm a nigga with a 'S' on his chest
So get the Kryptonite 'cause I'm a rip tonight
'Cause I'm scarin' ya, I'm wanted by America




Run nigga! Run nigga!
See ya!
(Aiyo Cube man, they on your ass)




Word, but who the fuck is Herb?
It's time to take a trip to the suburbs
Let 'em see a nigga invasion
Point blank on a Caucasian
Cocked the hammer, didn't crack no smile
Take me to your house, pal
Got to the house, my pockets got fat, see
Crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry
Three weeks later, I'm at the P-A-D
Had a little fly ass bitch wit me
Sittin' in the den, yo it couldn't be
(What up, G?) Saw my face on TV
Damn (oh shit!) I didn't know I lucked out
Struck out, I gotta get the fuck out
Packed my bags and tried to hit the door when
The ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in
'Cause the feds was out there ten deep
I got hassled and gaffled in the back seat
I think back when I was robbin' my own kind
The police didn't pay it no mind
But when I start robbing the white folks
Now I'm in the pen with the soap-on-a-rope
I said it before and I'll still taught it
Every motherfucker with a color is most wanted


AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted, uh, reports that Ice Cube is the leader of the, uh, Lench Mob. Uh, also in the group they have J-Dee, T-Bone, Chill, Yo-Yo, Del, K-Dee
Sounds like a black thing




1234567890




Fuckin' around in a crap game
Niggas think I'm soft, 'cause now I'm in the rap game
And I don't hang out as much, bang out dope cuts
Standin' on stage and I'm grabbin' my nuts
But when it comes to gettin' in a circle
I'm hittin' sevens turnin' broke niggas purple
Looking for Little Joe and the dumb nigga scream and choke
When deuce-deuce hit the floor, yo
Now which of y'all wanna fade the twenty?
I'm turnin' your fat pockets skinny
Oh, yeah, I'm shakin' the ivory
And boom, it's like they die for me
Fool, you can get loud, get mad, hit the joint
But don't forget my point
There it is, yo
I put my Nike on the bet so it won't slide
Money gone cause I'm never hittin' deuce-five
I'm never hittin' four-trey, no way
You wanna leave, but come on, ho, stay
Nigga fever that'll work
Poppa needs brand-new shoes and a sweatshirt
Fool, you can't even fuck with that
And now that I'm winnin', I gots to get my gat
Cause I see your homies startin' to look
And broke motherfuckers, they make the best crooks
And I'm feelin' like a baller
Buckin' fools, now the circles getting smaller
Now you wanna go and scheme
Punk niggas like you just love to triple-team
So I pick up my money and start walking
Cause now I let the gat start talkin'
Now, since y'all lost, you wanna go out like a sucker
Take that, motherfuckers


Catch you like you tryna bitch, motherfucker
Ain't no motherfuck—
Here we go, here— here we go, here we go
Ayy, ayy, wait-wait a—, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a m—






1234567890




Drop a old school beat


Now the taste of alcohol is filling up my bladder
What's the date and time, it don't matter
Had a pocket full of phone numbers, I was trying to sort
To make a long story short
Ran into, this girl named Carla
Knew her from the back seat of my homie's Impala
She said what's up, yeah, what's the deal?
Check the hairdo, of course it ain't real
Then I looked down, she was fat in the front
I asked how long, "Well, about seven months"
Oh, how time flies when you're having fun
She said "Yeah but the damage is done
Where you been?" "On a little vacation
Oh by the way, congratulations
Who's the lucky man? I don't have a clue!"
Then she said "The lucky man is you," I dropped my brew
And everything looked fuzzy
Not a baby by you, the neighborhood hussy
She said "Yeah, remember that date?"
I thought back and tried to calculate
Then I said "Damn, are you sure it's mine?
'Cause I know you been tossed plenty of times"
She said "That day, no I wasn't whoring
Your ass is mine," that's when the sweat started pouring
'Cause all I saw was Ice Cube in court
Paying a gang on child support
Then I thought deep about giving up the money
What I need to do is kick the bitch in the tummy
Naw 'cause then I'd really get faded
That's murder one 'cause it was premeditated
So what I'ma do, I don't have a clue
How many months left, damn only two
I'm gettin faded




("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
No cigar, G
[("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")]
[("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")]
Ay yo, homey, man, I'm getting faded
[("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")]




It's crazy 'cause before I could sleep with her
I had to duck and dodge and try to creep with her
See the booty and the front was all in place
But the girl had the pitbull face
So we ran jumped drove swam crawled hid
Oh lord god forbid
My homies see me at the motel
'Cause those fools would love to just go tell
Everybody in the hood that knows your rep
So jump in the back seat and quiet is kept
And hold your big fat butt steady
'Cause yo, ho, I got the paper bag ready
She started moaning and gobbling like a turkey
I knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque
I dropped her off man and I'm knowing
That I'm a hate myself in the morning
I got drunk to help me forget
Yo another day another hit, shit
I'm gettin faded




("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Ay yo, you know what time it is
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")


Nine months later she's ready to drop the load
And everybody in the hood already knows
It's supposed to be mine so they laughing at me
You know Ice Cube can't be having that, G
I'm thinking to myself why did I bang her
Now I'm in the closet looking for the hanger
JD and Jinx and T-Bone won't let up, they won't shut up
I'm gettin fed up, bitch
'Cause I know you're tryin' to break me
But if I find out your tryin' to fake me
I'm a buff that duff and hoot
Beat ya down and leave a crown or two
That night she went into labor
And the shit is getting kinda major
The baby came out, damn it was a lifesaver, huh
Looking like my next-door neighbor
She said it was mine, it was her best guess
But let's check the results of the blood test
I started smiling yeah 'cause it read negative
Damn, why did I let her live?
After that I should've got the gat
And bust and rushed and illed and peeled the cap
But no I just told the ho who laid me
Excuse me bitch it's a switch
You can't fade me


Naw baby, not this way
Yo, you ain't playing Ice Cube out like no booger
I don't fall for the okey-doke
And before I fall for the okey-doke, I let the pistol smoke
Now sing it




("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Ha ha, yeah baby, you can't fade me
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Nah, unfadeable baby, yo
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")




I ain't never got gaffled like that, I used to do the gafflin'
McDonald's is my spot (What you used to do?)
Jack them motherfuckers for them Nissan trucks
Right in the drive-thru. "Nigga, get your motherfuckin' food, leave it in the car, nigga, get out." Straight jackin'




1234567890




Once upon a time in the projects, yo
I damn near had to wreck a ho
I knocked on the door (Who is it?)
It's Ice Cube, come to pay a little visit to ya
And what's up with the niggas in the parking lot?
She said "Fuck 'em, 'cause they get sparked a lot"
I sat on the couch but it wasn't stable
And then I put my Nikes on the coffee table
Her brother came in, he's into gangbangin'
'Cause he walked up and said, "What set you claimin'?"
I don't bang, I write the good rhymes
The whole scenery reminded me of Good Times
I don't like to feel that I'm put in a rut
By a young nigga that needs to pull his pants up
He threw up a set and then he was gone
I'm thinkin' to myself: "Won't this bitch bring her ass on?"
Her mother came in with a joint in her mouth
And fired up the sess, it was sess no doubt
She said, "Please excuse my house," and all that
I said, "Yeah", 'cause I was buzzed from the contact
Lookin' at a fucked up black and white
Her mom's bitchin' 'cause the county check wasn't right
She had another brother that was three years old
And had a bad case of the runny nose
He asked me who I was then I had to pause
It smelled like he took a shit in his little drawers
I saw her sister who really needs her ass kicked
Only thirteen and already pregnant
I grabbed my 40 out the bag and took a swig
'Cause I was getting overwhelmed by BeBe Kids
They was runnin' and yellin' and playin' and cussin' and tellin'
And look at this young punk bailin'
I heard a knock on the door without the password
And her mom's got the twelve-gauge Mossberg
The nigga said "Yo, what's for sale?" (Yo, what's for sale, man?)
And the bitch came out with a bag of yayo
She made the drop and got the twenty dollars
From a smoked-out fool with ring around the collar
The girl I was waiting for came out
I said, "Bitch, I didn't know this was a crackhouse"
I got my coat, and suddenly
("Stop, the police, don't move! Freeze! I'll kill ya!")
The cop busted in and had a Mac-10 pointed at my dome
And I said to myself, "Once again, it's on"
He threw me on the carpet and wasn't cuttin' no slack
Jumped on my head and put his knee in my back
First he tried to slap me up, wrap me up, rough me up
They couldn't do it so they cuffed me up
I said, "Fuck, how much abuse can a nigga take?
Ayo officer, you're making a big mistake"
Since I had on a shirt that said I was dope
He thought I was selling base and couldn't hear my case
He said, "get out my face" and musta had a grudge
His reply, "Tell that bullshit to the judge"
The girl I was with wasn't sayin nothin'
I said, "Ayo bitch you better tell 'em somethin'"
She started draggin' and all of a sudden
We all got tossed in the paddy wagon
Now I beat the rap but that ain't the point
I had a warrant so I spent two weeks in the joint
Now the story you heard has one little object:
Don't fuck with a bitch from the projects






Yo man, the projects, man, ain't no joke, man, I'm tellin' you
Especially the motherfuckin' ones in Watts and South Central L.A., boy
You don't fuck around with them projects, boy
Rats'll whoop yo' ass (Yeah)
Yo, yo, you see that ho over there, man?
Look at that ho over there, man
I'll set a ho out, straight up






1234567890




A message to the Oreo cookie:
No matter how much you wanna switch, here's what they think about you!
"You gold teeth, gold chain wearing, fried chicken and biscuit eating monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast running, high jumping, spear chucking, three-hundred-and-sixty-degree basketball dunking, ditsoon, spade, mulignan... Go the fuck back to Africa – Go the fuck back to Africa – Go the fuck back to Africa!”
Think about it, fuckin' sellout!




Here we go on station 103.787 and we're listening to…
We won't be listening to, uh...
Ice Cube, AmeriKKKa’s Most Wanted
Because that’s bullshit, get that shit outta here
Straight R&B, straight R&B, straight R&B—
Where the motherfucking plug at? I'm about to disconnect his ass!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!




Turn on the radio, take a listen
What you're missing
Personally, I'm sick of the ass-kissing
What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation
Nowhere in the nation
Program directors and DJ's ignored me
'Cause I simply said "Fuck Top 40
And Top 30, Top 20 and Top 10!"
Until you put more Hip-Hop in
Then I might grin, but don't pretend that you're down with the scene
And go and diss me in a magazine
How could you figure the brother could dig ya?
DJ face down in the river
No, it's not a threat, but a promise
I'm as crazy as they come, see
Mama didn't love me
All I got is my nine
And to calm the savage beast, here's the Alpine




Disaster...
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Play the music, motherfucker, put the music on
Damn!




Tune in to the radio, listen for a minute
Yo G, stick a fucking tape in it!
'Cause all the radio do is gangle
That R&B love triangle
If you're out there kicking it with the brothers
You don't care about lovers
You wanna hear a young nigga on the mic going buckwild
Throwing and flowing and showing new styles
That's where I'm coming from
Reality – that's what they're running from
So if you're down with Ice Cube, let me know that you know
Yo, turn off the radio


You know what? You know what?
Basically those Black guys and those rap guys
They don't know what the fuck they're doing
I hate those fuckers, I hate 'em!
Especially that one guy
The AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted, Ice Cube—I hate that fucker!
Get him off the air, get him off, get him off
Get that rap shit out of here!
Nigga, get me a gat, so I can smoke this motherfucker!


Hello?
Hi, this is D-E-L
Hey, I'm calling from 3838 Twin Oaks Way
Yeah, I just wanted to call to say "Fuck the radio!"






1234567890


"At the bottom of our news tonight, there's been a new animal aimed in the direction of falling off the face of the Earth. Yes, young black teenagers are reported to be the oldest, and the newest, creatures added to the endangered species list. As of now, no efforts have been made to preserve the Blacks. When asked why, a top law official adds, 'Because they make good game hunting'"
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)




Peace? Hahaha, don't make me laugh!
All I hear is motherfuckers rappin' succotash
Livin' large, tellin' me to get out the gang
I'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigga
How the fuck do you figure
That I can say "Peace" and the gunshots will cease?
Every cop killing goes ignored
They just send another nigga to the morgue
A point scored, they could give a fuck about us
They rather catch us with guns and white powder
If I was old, they'd probably be a friend of me
Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy
They kill ten of me to get the job correct
To serve, protect, and break a nigga's neck
Cuz I'm the one with the trunk of funk
And "Fuck tha Police" in the tape deck
You should listen to me cuz there's more to see
Call my neighborhood a ghetto cuz it houses minorities
The other color don't know you can run but not hide
These are tales from the darkside
All of us are endangered, damn!
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)




You wanna free Africa? I'll stare at ya
Cuz we ain't got it too good in America
I can't fuck with them overseas
My homeboy died over ki's
Of cocaine, it was plain and simple
The 9mm went (buck) to the temple
(Buck, buck, buck) was the sound I put the bitch down
And ran to the schoolyard bathroom
Looked in the trash can, yo it had room
So I ducked my ass in it for a minute
Covered with trash I had to lay back
Mad as fuck, thinkin' about the payback
Tonight, the crew had a little fun
I went home and cut the barrel off my shotgun
It's gettin' critical - I stole a 5.0
I let it go - drive real slow
I yelled out "Ice Cube, sucka"
The shotgun kicked, and it murdered motherfuckers
I told you last album
"When I got a sawed-off, bodies are hauled off"
Its a shame, that niggas die young
But to the light side it don't matter none
It'll be a drive by homicide
But to me its just another tale from the darkside




Standing in the middle of war, the minute we flex
When we die, we won't make Jet
Ebony can't see to the light side
The term they apply to us is a nigga
Call it what you want, cause I'm comin’ from the corner
Same applies to a Ph.D
Who's black - don't wanna roll - sells his soul
Watch his head go rollin’
Who the fuck are they foolin’?
Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes
Matches the color of the one on my face
As they wonder whats under my waist
(Standin' on the verge) of them gettin’ brown
That's a fact, got a fear of the bozack
Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide
Yeah Cube, they can't fuck with the darkside!




1234567890






"Once upon a time, in the black part of the city"
Yo G, yo G you better get out of here man, 5-0
Yo, Ice Cube, man
Whassup man?
Why you...
Whassup?
Yo Ice Cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches and the niggas?
Why don't you kick some shit about the kids, man? The fuckin kids!
Word




Little boys and girls, they all love me
Come sit on the lap of I-C-E
And let me tell ya a story or two
About a punk-ass nigga I knew
Named Jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick
Jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick
Ran up the street 'cause he was piping hot
Met a bitch named Jill on the bus stop
Dropped a line or two, and he had the ho
At that type of shit he's a pro
So Jack and Jill ran up the hill to catch a little nap
Dumb bitch, gave him the claps
Then he had to go see Dr. Bombay
Got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way
To make some money, why not?
Down on Sesame Street, the dope spot
There he saw the lady who lived in a shoe
Sold dope out the front, by the back marijuana grew
For the man that was really important
Who lived down the street inna Air Jordan
Ride to the fellow Mister Rogers the hoes
Drove a 500 sittin' on Lorenzoes
He broke out, Little Bo Peep, smoked out
Saw, her and her friends sellin' sheepskins
Yo, yo I got them sheepskins
Yo, I got em sheepskins
Yo baby, what's up with that?
You want the sheepskins or not?
Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock
Cinderella ain't home must be givin' up the cock
I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin' her dwarfs
Saw a fight over colors, too
Red Riding Hood, and Little Boy Blue
A bad influence? Yo I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go






Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it
This is Little Russ in the house
Rock that shit homey, rock that shit!
"Well, you know the rest"




Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall
With a joint, drinkin' some 8-ball
Three little pigs in a Coup de Ville
Lookin' for, the wolf to kill
They're fucked up and they want revenge
Them and Humpty used to be friends
Now they're enemies cause he's a traitor
Pulled out the Uzi cruised by and sprayed him
Cinderella hoeing for the fellas
And Mister Rogers is gettin' mighty jealous
Off the cash that the pigs were makin'
Time for the pigs to get turned to bacon
'Cause Mister Rogers found out quick
That Humpty Dumpty was blown to bits
They said that the motherfuckin' wolf was next
So Mister Rogers better watch his step
So he let the wolf know
We're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take they hoe
Cause Cinderella is much too fast
Before twelve, givin' up ass
Double barrels all loaded and cocked
As soon as they show, they gonna get popped
They bailed down Sesame Street and caught em
Little Boy Blue is up front givin' orders
Little did they know Cinderella was a fink
She called the cops and got thrown in the clink
A bad influence? Yo, I don't know
Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go






Ayo man, was that dope enough for you?
Yeah you aight, you in the house
We outta here, see-ya!
Yeah, you better go home before I whoop your little bad ass!




Some bedtime story, huh?
It's a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't wanna live here
Ay, good ol' Mother Goose, remember her? I fucked her




1234567890






Hahaha, aye
Hey yo Cube, man
Yo' man what's up?
Hey yo Cube, check this out
Yo, motherfuckers be on the dick and shit, right?
Yo, yo
Check this out, you know what I tell 'em, man?
Kick that shit




Well two peas in a bucket
Mother motherfuck it
You either Flavor Flavin'
Or you Chuck Chuck Chuckin'
Kiss my ass and suck the D.I.C-
K, stands for kill so don't fuck with me
I fucked that lady in the bed
I missed that pussy and I bust the spread
I tried it again in a thumping wagon
The bottom fell out and her ass started draggin'
Tried it again in a field of grass
I missed that pussy and I bust my ass
Then I fucked this lady in a dream
The baby came out and said "Run-DMC"




Yeah, and you don't stop
Flavor Flav in the house, and you don't stop
Ice Cubes in the house, and you don't-
Uh, boy! , aye, yo, rock that shit G! rock that shit G!




I knew this girl who looked just like you
Light brown and a fly hair-do
I want to do her, screw her
So I stepped to her onkey
Bitch, had more ass than a donkey
I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over
Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over
Just call me the plumber at the end of the night
Cause a nigga like me will lay plenty of pipe
She didn't get offended, it was splendid to me
Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be
I guess I'll just wine her and dine her
And by the end of the night I'll be behind her
Waxing that ass like Raindance
On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her
Took her to the Comfort Inn, tucked her in
Pulled out the third leg pumped it in
She said 'Will you call me?'
Yeah, I'll call you a "bitch" or a "ho" after I ball you
Nawl I'm just playin' but it's still the same
Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thang






Yeah, what's poppin g? what you out for G?
Yo, I'm only out for one thing
You out for what, man?
Yo, I'm out for the pussy, the money, and the mic, and I'm straight
What are we ou- wha- wha- we ou-
I pledge allegiance to the uh... to the fuckin', all of that shit
Know what I'm saying?
Five thousand!
Five thousand, G
We out
Yo, we out of here, five thousand, G
Yo, this is for my boy Ice Cube, you know what I'm saying
Yo, check this out




1234567890




Stay off his dick




Some don't think I can flow
So here we go
To a new track
To show the wack
That I can throw styles that show up
I blow up and blast here
Niggas still tripping off the shit I said last year
About a bitch is bitch is a bitch is a bitch
Then I got rich but I'll never switch
So I dedicate this one to the groupie
And the Charlie all on my Snoopy
Brothers keep asking Ice Cube yo when will you bust
They surround me and make a big fuss
Now I was taught back on my block
That you don't ride on nobody's jock
For anything they do
Fuck him and his crew
Unless you were gettin' paid too
I'm not saying this to dis each and every fan
Women you can ride but man be a man
Shake my hand and make it a firm shake
Say "What's up Ice Cube?" and then break
'Cause if you're hangin' there I'ma tell you loud and clear:
Get off my my dick nigga—and tell your bitch to come here




1234567890




And now, "The Drive-By"




Yo, money! The mothafuckas around the corners, till we trippin', man!
Whassup, man? What are they doin', man?
Yo, man! I just don't LIKE THEM mothafuckas!
Alright, man
Fuck it, man!
Let's get in the car, man!
Aiight! Yo, yo, yo! Let's SMOKE those mothafuckas! [car doors slam shut]
There they go!
 Aight! Turn off the headlights, man! Turn the radio down! Turn the radio down...
 Yo, yo, yo, yo! We gon' bring death to them!
Hehehh! locin' up motherfucka let it go
Ayo, man! Roll the window down! [music stops]
Aight!
We finna get this mothafucka! 'EY, 'EY, 'EY, MAN! WHASSUP, NIGGA?
Yo!
THIS IS LENCH MOB, NIGGA!
JUST SMOKE THE MOTHAFUCKA, MAN!
SHOOT THAT MOTHAFUCKA, MAN! [4 shots] [automatic gunshots]


'EY, 'EY, 'EY! I'm SHOOTIN' 'EM RIGHT NOW, MAN! LET'S GET 'EM, MAN! [4 shots]
FUCK THAT! SMOKE THE MOTHAFUCKAS! [automatic gunshots]
OWWW, SHIT, MAN! I SHOOT THE MOTHAFUCKAS!
GET FUCK OUTTA HERE, MAN! GET THE FUCK...! [car pulls away]


FUCK OUTTA HERE
"Outside the South Central area...
Few cared about the violence because... it didn't affect them."




1234567890






Yo, T-Bone
(What up, D?)
Yo man these motherfuckers steppin' to me man talkin' 'bout The Lench Mob ain't in e-fizz-ect!
(Motherfuckers pc yo boy tyrna fit everybody panic)
Word 'em up, matter of fact I oughta cuff 'em like a brand new pair of Levi's!
(Like roll them motherfuckers up like a f-f-fat ass joint!)
Word 'em up!




You can't fuck with the criminal
Rappin' over gangsta shit
First I load the clip, and then I make the hit
I know some of y'all can't fade this
Lench Mob niggas are the craziest
So you and your boys are ass-out
When I'm rollin in a seven-deuce glass house
The Mob ain't nothing but a menace
When we get the motherfucking dog in us
Playing them oldies
I'm pourin' out some of my beer for my homies
Ready to peel your cap
You can't believe "Faces of Death" on wax
Some say the Mob ain't positive
Man fuck that shit, 'cause I gots to live
How I live and you could either give a fuck punk
Yo or get your ass bucked
Some rappers are heaven-sent
But Self-Destruction don't pay the fuckin' rent
So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job
I'd rather roll it wit the Lench Mob




Lench Mob! Lench Mob! Lench Mob!
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
(The Lench Mob is takin' a 9 to ya mind all the motherfucking time!)
(Yeah, motherfucker!)
(Do it!)




To be down with the Mob is simple
Mind your own; you want a spot, find your own
And take mine if you're badder than the strongest
I do the right thing I do the wrong thing
Do anything cause I ain't faking the scene
It's all about how much bacon you bring
And if you see something from the gat I will stuff it
Yo you ain't seen nothing
Cause if you testify you're living blind
Cause in the city you live and let die
Rolling with the fools one-time can't beat
On my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet
He said "I know you" I said "you might
My name is Ice Cube I did a song you didn't like"
So he soaked me up like Bounty
Had to do a week in the county
A piece of cake it was just like a party
Cause in the county you know everybody
No I didn't kill or steal or rob
Locked up for what cause I'm rollin' wit the Lench Mob






Lench Mob! Lench Mob! Lench Mob!
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker




If you know a female that's rollin' with the Lench Mob
Watch your step cause the gat is kept
In the purse like my homegirl Yo-Yo
You gotta be down and you can't be a ho, no
Cause if you are I'll be the first one to bust you out
After my crew I'll be the first one to rush you out
Get the picture or bitch
You'll get the eighty-six
If she wanna try and mix
Business and pleasure make up your own mind
You gotta be a ho on your own time
Don't sleep cause even on a solo creep
Yo the Mob is still deep
And we'll play ya just like a nit-wit
You thought you got with the crew you can't get with
So get the noose ready for the lynching
Now 235 is what I'm benching
But nowadays it's still not enough
I got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush
Give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job
Rolling with the motherfucking Lench Mob






Lench Mob! Lench Mob! Lench Mob!
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker
For lynching any sucker


Ayo, fuck that man
I'm not going back to jail
Fuck that, Ice Cube
Man, I'm rollin' wit the Lench Mob




1234567890






One of these motherfuckers is different
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack




Who's the mack? Is it some brother in a big hat
Thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?
Rolling in a fucked-up Lincoln
Leaning to the side so it looks like he's sinking
Into that leopard interior
This nigga think every girl's inferior
To his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung
As she's selling more butt and don't even get a cut of the money
His name is Sonny and he know the play
And hope to god that he don't find a runaway
That's looking to become a star
He'll have your ass in and out of every car
With every Ron and Rick, sucking every John's dick
Come short of the money, get your ass kicked
You don't like it but you still call him hunk
Last night the nigga put yo' ass in the trunk
You wanna leave, but Sonny started talking fast
And it make you wanna go and sell more ass
He's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?




Who's the mack? It is that fool that wanna pump the gas
Give you a sad story and you give him cash?
He start macking and macking and you sucking
Quick to say I'm down on my luck, and
You give him a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way
Then you see his sorry ass the next day
Are you the one getting played like a sucka?
Or do you say, "Get a job, motherfucka"?
Every day, the story gets better
He's wearing dirty pants and a funky-ass sweater
He claims he wants to get something to eat
But every day you find yourself getting beat
He get your money and he run across the street
Don't look both ways 'cause he's in a daze
And almost get his ass hit for the crack
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?




Who's the Mack? Is it that nigga in the club
Asking "have you ever been in a hot tub?"
I know the game, so I watch it unfold
When I see a boy pinned to your earlobe
He's talking shit and you crack a smile
When he tell you that he can go buck wild
For a girl like you and make it feel good
You know it's drama, but it sound real good
He started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging
The pussy so he can keep bragging
He say, "I'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?"
You wanna do it but you feeling like a H-O-E
You grab his hand, you leave and it's over
Cause the nigga ain't nothing but a rover
Ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?






Macking is the game and everybody's playing
And as long as you believe what they saying
Consider them a M-A-C-K and with no delay
They are gonna get all the play
But when it comes to me, save the drama for your mama
It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a
Mack in my own right when it comes to rhyme and rap
Cause all I do is kick facts
Unlike Iceberg Slim
And all of them be claimin' be P-I-M-P
No, I'm not going out that way
I'm just a straight up N-I-double-G-A
Next time, you get over on a fool
And you did the shit like real smooth
Thank Ice Cube for giving up the facts
And ask yourself, "Who's the Mack?"


Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack




1234567890




Women, they're good for -


Wait wait wait wait, Cube, trip this
We gonna dedicate this to the pretty young ladies
You know, them pretty young ladies that wouldn't give us the play before the album, this is for you


Women, they're good for nothing, no maybe one thing
To serve needs to my ding-a-ling
I'm a man who loves the one-night stand
Cause after I do ya, huh, I never knew ya
Cause to kick it man it gives me the fits
They wanna lay with they nose under your armpits
Ice Cube won't wait so give it up cow
After we do it you can go home now (see ya!)
I'm a brother with a big long...
(Come on, wait, what the hell you think you talkin' about?)




First of all let me tell you my name, it's Yo-Yo
And downing a girl, first offense, and that's a no-no
Yo-Yo thinks the kitchen sink should be thrown in
Niggas be scheming and fiending to stick the bone in (yep)
No, Yo-Yo's not a ho or a whore
And if that's what you're here for, exit through the door, there's more
To see of me but you're blind so
Women like me are fading brothers in the 9-0
(Wait, first of all how you gon' come on my record and talk?)
I'm tryna say all women are superior over men
(Yeah yeah)
But wait how you gon rule the world when you broke as a joke?
(With yo county check baby)






Ay what up, buttercupper Miss Yo-Yo (that's me)
I know you like to rap and like to flow so
But when it comes to hip-hop this is a man's world
Stay down and play the playground you little girl




What you're saying I don't consider it as rapping
Cause you're a rerun and I'm the new what's-happening
It never fails, I'll always get respect
And you lose, so take a rain check




Hell no cause you know that I'm first and you're second
If it wasn't for me, you'd probably be pregnant
And barefoot, complaining that your back is aching
Shaking and faking while I'm bringing home the bacon




Well you're mistaken, it's not going that far
I make brothers like you play the backyard
You used to flow with the title but I took it
Bring home the bacon but find another ho to cook it




Damn it lookit, cause you're talking a lot of bull






Well I'm not your puppet so don't even try to pull




This is a man's world thank you very much




But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch




This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world




Ah Miss Yo-Yo, so what gives?
I hear females always talking about Women's Lib
Well get your own crib, and stay there
Instead of having more babies for the welfare
Cause if you don't I'll label you a gold digger
The name is Ice Cube you know that I ain't the nigga
For you to look at when your hair get nappy
So take a piece of the pole and be happy




Hell no, because to me you're not a thriller
You come in the room with your three-inch killer
Thinking you can do damage to my backbone
Leave your child in the yard until it's full-grown
I'm a put it like this my man
Without us your hand would be your best friend
So give us credit like you know you should
If I don't look good, you don't look good






I doubt it baby cause we're still most dominant




But you don't know how funky that I can get




This is a man's world thank you very much




But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch




This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world




Man, women, I put a lot of fear in em
(Why is that?)
Cause I had it up to here with em
Drink a beer with em? No way
Cause I can only deal with em about an hour every day
Yeah if you know what I mean baby




Well I guess, now that I think about it I think maybe
If you was more of a man instead of faking it
Women deserve the credit when they're making it


Yeah so what's the problem?


Well I think we solved it
I know they know the best male from who's doggin it




Yeah I admit you can flow




Well that's true




But you see I'm a pro with the bank too




Yeah I can see you got it good




Oh that I know




But you see you're not better than Yo-Yo
The brand-new intelligent black lady




You're kinda dope but you still can't fade me




So what up then?




Girl, what you tryna do?




To prove a black woman like me can bring the funk through




This is a man's world thank you very much




But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch




Or a big butt...




This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world




1234567890






(The police set up barricades, there was a scuffle)
(This turned into a riot and it spread through Central Park)
(Negros threw bottles at the police)
(Orders to disperse were ignored and huge crowds swarmed through the streets)
The Bomb!


It's like a holocaust to the boss when I toss
Too much knowledge kicked then you're lost
In a shuffle of feet, Jinx the fiddler
And I control your mind like Hitler
You bow and vow to authority
See now, a sucker with a style just boring me
So I show K.N.O.W
L.E.D.G.E. it might trouble you
Then I transform like a Decepticon
With a mic as a bomb
In my right palm
But I don't stay calm
So panic
Others can't flow so they go schizophrenic
You thought I dropped a dud in your face
Until you taste the blood of the bass
Then you faint, or better yet pass out
When I'm on the mic, believe it's ass out
You think you're raw, so we draw
You lose, you're hung, you bite your tongue
The whole town saw in awe as you strangle
A noose on your neck, and you dangle
From side to side in the blazing heat
You're beat, you're dead, the boots fell off your feet
You're turning red, it's said
That your head burst
And this is only the first verse
Of the bomb






Don't break up the fight let them rumble
Over the years I've watched some go super-bad quick
Now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach
Now ask yourself, who's stupid?
I take funky funky beats and I loop it
And pimp slap you in the face with the bass
And the boom from the bomb that I drop
Stop
You have a flat top as a fashion
I love Black women with a passion
But when they gotta go and show their ass in
I gotta clown the hoes, yeah
You gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres
They'll steer you wrong
Ice Cube's got it going on, hit me
For the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhymes
And since i ain't wholesome
They want to put a young brother in Folsom
They'd rather see me on lockdown
But I come up foul then they get knocked out, word
To the brother that rolls the herb
Everybody else getting knocked to the curb like that
Jinx got the gat, and it's a fact
He'll kick a funky beat to peel your cap
Now who's the mack?
Who's the ho?
Who's the trick?
I got many, many styles, won't you take a pick?
But don't be alarmed
When I trip and stumble and fumble
And drop the (rewind)
Drop the bomb






I'm solo, you ask how I'm living
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon
With the L, the E, the N, the C, the H
The M, the O, the B, the great
Lyrics that make the beat swing and I gotcha
It's the hip-hopper that don't like coppers
And if you try to upset the pot son
You get kicked in the chest like a shotgun
I make the beats, I make the breaks
I make the rhymes that make you shake
Make you find
Ice Cube never caught in the middle
I make stuff to kick you in the ass a little
And still never hesitate to stutter step
Or bust a repitition on the mic
Still dissing all the hype
From left to right
How many left to fight?
So what that Lench Mob like?