"Good evening. This is Los Angeles, a city with many claims on America, including this one: It is now the gang capital of the nation. Last year alone there were 452 gang-related murders in the greater Los Angeles area. And we'll see if there is anything that can be done about all of this."
It's just another nigga dead
It's just another nigga dead


Peace!? - don't make me laugh!
All I hear is motherfuckers rappin' succotash
Livin' large, tellin' me to get out the gang
I'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigga
How the fuck do you figgure?
That I can say peace and the gunshots will cease?!
Every cop killer goes ignored
They just send another nigga to the morgue!
A point scored- they could give a fuck about us
They rather catch us with guns and white powder!
If I was old, they'd probably be a friend of me
Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy!
They kill ten of me to get the job correct
To serve, protect, and break a niggas neck
'Cause I'm the one with the trunk of funk
And "Fuck tha Police" in the tape deck
You should listen to me 'cause there's more to see
Call my neighborhood a ghetto 'cause it houses minorities
The other color don't know you can run but not hide
These are tales from the darkside…


Endangered species
It's just another nigga dead
Endangered species
All of us are endangered, damn


You wanna free Africa, I stare at yuh
'Cause we ain't got it too good in America
I can't fuck with them overseas
My homeboy died over a key of cocaine
It was plain and simple
The 9mm went (gunshot sound) to the temple
(gunshot sound) (gunshot sound) was the sound I put the bitch down
And ran to the schoolyard bathroom
Looked in the trash can, yo it had room
So I ducked my ass in it for a minute!
Covered with trash I had to lay back
Mad as fuck!
Thinkin' about the payback
Tonight the crew gonna have a little fun
I went home and cut the barrel of my shotgun
It's gettin critical - I stole a 5.0
I let it go - drive real slow
I yelled out 'Ice Cube sucka'
The shot-gun kicked - and it murdered motherfuckers
I told you last album
When I got a sawed-off, bodies are hauled off
It's a shame, that niggas die young
But to the light side it don't matter none
It'll be a drive by homicide
But to me it's just another tale from the darkside…


Wipe out (it's all under control)
I told you to look out!
Shut up!
Yo, Chuck, these honey drippers are still frontin' on us
Show 'em that we can do this 'cause we always knew this
Haha, yeah, boy!


Standing in the middle of war
In the middle we flex
When we die, we won't make Jet
Ebony can't see to the lightside
The term they apply to us is a nigga
Call it what you want, cause I'm comin’ from the corner
Same applies with a Ph.D
Who's black - don't wanna roll - sells his soul
Watch his head go rollin’
Who the fuck are they foolin’?
Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes
Matches the color of the one on my face
As they wonder whats under my waist
(Standin' on the verge) of them gettin’ brown
That's a fact
Got a fear of the bozack
Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide
Yet Cube, they can't fuck with the
Darkside!
Endangered species
It's just another nigga dead




1234567890




Wait a minute, hold on, get your ass up
Whassup nigga?
Get over there... shit
Ya lil punk ass nigga
C'mere, c'mere, c'mere boy
God damnit you stop that shit now
Take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house
Now wait a minute, wait a minute, hey man
Whassup?
Wait a minute?
There are police, go!


Give me that beat, fool, it's a full time jack move
Chilly Chill, yo homie make the track move
And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank
That's the name of the suckers I done ganked
I get away from a copper
Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin' proper
With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B
T-Bone and that's J-Dee
And here's how we'll greet ya
Stop fool, come off that beat ya
Feel dumb cause you're caught in the dark
(Ya lil' nuttin' ass mark)
Raise up, cause you can't' have it back
You said - "I ain't never got gaffled like that"
Off the end of the gat you choke
Short Dog's in the house - "Whattup loc?"
Nuttin' but a come up
Gimme that bass, and don't try to run up
'Cause you'll get banked somethin' sweet
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats


Huh, and even if you're down with my crew
*Yo Chuck man, I don't understand this man
You got to slow down*
I jack them too
And then we'll freak it
Kick that bass, and look what we did
Fade the grade, played, and made a few mil'
And I keep stealin'
Ice Cube'll make it thump
But right about now - *let's get over the hump*
But I don't party and shake my butt
I leave that to the brothers with the funny haircuts
And it'll drive you nuts
Steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch
Like jackin' and mackin'
Say hi to the three fifty-seven I'm packin'
And it sounds so sweet
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats


Ice Cube, I take a funky beat and reshape it
Locate a dope break, and then I break it
And give it that gangsta lean
Dead in your face as I turn up the bass
I make punk suckers run and duck because
I don't try to hide 'cause you know that I love to
Jack a fool for his beat and then I'm outtie
So when I come to your town don't crowd me
'Cause I know, you're gonna wanna kick it with me
But I know, none of y'all can get with me
So you think you're protected
Well you are 'til you put a funky beat on a record
Then I have to show and prove and use your groove
'Cause suckers can't fade the Cube
And if I jack ya and ya keep comin'
I have you marks a hundred miles and runnin'


*stop stop stop stop stop!
Sa-prize, niggas*




1234567890




Stay off his dick!


Nigga, some don't think I can flow, so here we go
To a new track, to show the wack, that I can throw
Styles that show up, I blow up and blast here
Niggas still tripping off the shit I said last year
About a bitch is a bitch is a ho is a slut
And I don't like niggas on my nuts!
So I dedicate this one to the groupie
And the Charlie, all on my Snoopy
Brothers keep askin, "Ice Cube yo when will you bust"
They surround me and make a big fuss
Now I was taught, back on my block
That you don't ride on nobody's jock
For anything they do, FUCK him and his crew
Unless, you were gettin paid too!
I'm not saying this to diss each and every fan
Women you can ride; men, be a man!
Shake my hand, and make it a FIRM shake
Say, "Whattup Ice Cube?" and then break
Cause if you're hanging near I'mma tell you loud and clear
Get off my my dick, nigga, and tell your bitch to come here


Motherfucker, back up off me
I'm not signing no autographs, I'm not giving no free t-shirts
And I'm not HAVING none of this bullshit you're talking
YouknowhatI'msayin?




I step into the club to rub-a-dub
It seems like all the little hoes fall in love
With my money, cause yo about a year ago
I was just your ordinary average everyday crazy ass broke
But you know, I just can't be equal
Cause they know I know a lot of famous people
But to a one-night stand, there's no sequel
Here's the pickle, pretend it's a Popsicle
See, for a fat booty, I do damage
They think I'm a star, so I take advantage
It's just another Ice Cube groupie fest
She's a ho cause they knew her at the front desk
Told her to meet me at the room 110
And the bitch showed up with her boyfriend
I let him in, all he could do was grin
He had a camera, a t-shirt, a pad and pen
He said, "Yo, Ice Cube, can you sign this?"
I only did it cause his bitch was the finest
She blew me a kiss and gave a bitter frown
Like, "How can we get rid of this clown?"
Me and her sat down, he got a little jealous
Cause his punk ass sat in the middle of us
And he asked me question after question
It felt like a motherfucking interview session
Then his girl got up, I heard the door shut
And he was still there, swinging from my nuts
I said, "Get the FUCK out!" and made it loud and clear
Get off my dick, nigga, and tell your bitch to come here


I see me about ten mark ass motherfucking fans
Knock on the door, talking about whassup?


Yo man, it was about a hundred and twenty dicks man
Niggas start, niggas coming out of hotel rooms
Without no bitches!


They can get gaffled like they in a motherfucking raffle
Punk ass


Yo, I respect the respectable
If your girl is all on my dick, check the ho
Say, "Yeah that nigga he can rap fly
But you know, stars are up in the sky"
Cause all I got is hard dick and bubblegum
Just ran out my last stick is where I'm coming from
I'm not telling you to diss Mr. Ice Cube
Cause you know, I'm the one that can show and prove
Now groupie girls, I just make em wait
But the groupie boys, I can't tolerate
I hate it so much, I'mma start giving stitches
To the niggas that's staring like bitches
Cause I'm not a fairy, a Mary or a faggot
Gimme the eye, I'll fly, and tag it
Now you see? Jocking ain't healthy
Cause you think that I'm young and I'm wealthy
With juice, so I see you try to run behind
But I'mma tell you, punk, you gets none of mine
Cause I was taught, see a fool, use a fool
By the niggas who terrorized the old school
So don't try me or buy me a beer
Just stay off my dick, nigga




1234567890




(Are you ready?)
(Fuck that, Ice Cube coming back at you with another motherfucking bomb)




I was told, 'cause I didn't witness the whole act
In and out was the movement of the bozack
It was hot and sweaty and lots of pushin'
Then the nut came gushin'
And it was hell trying to bail to the ovary
With nothing but the Lord lookin over me
I was white with a tail
But when I reached the finish line, young black male!
One cell made two, and two cells made fo'
And so on, so now I'm a embryo
Then I got a hunch
That I'mma be on lockdown, for nine months
Chillin', with my mother to guide me
And nuttin' but a stomach to hide me
From all that worry and bullshit
Nine months later, I elbow pull and kick
'Cause my time is up and I don't care
With one big push, I'm outta there
June 15th, it's just my luck
In 1969, a nigga is the product


(Ghetto-ass nigga, you ain't shit
And you ain't gon' never be shit!)




I learned how to walk and talk and all that
They put me in school, but it don't matter
'Cause I'm sitting in history
Learning bout a sucker, who didn't give a fuck about me
They try to shape us
But I know Uncle Sam is a motherfucking rapist
So I stopped paying attention
Ice Cube, headed, straight to detention
Fuck that shit, I roam the hallways
I'm sent home and I don't got all A's
A high school dropout
My father had beef so I tried to knock pops out
But I got tossed, he's the boss
I'm out of there and mad 'cause I lost
Now being on my own is a factor
So I become, the neighborhood jacker
Gimme your car, run your jewels
Making a living robbing fools
And if I let my nine rang out
You know, it'll make your brains hang out
So what's your fate?
Am I the nigga you love, or the one you love to hate?
The wrong answer is said, the nigga fled
I pump lead, now he's in a puddle of red
And if you got a buck, you're shit out of luck
Stuck up by the motherfucking product


(Uh-uh motherfucker you gots to get a job
If you wanna stay in my motherfucking house)


(Many young men reject the traditional values
That are important to their parents
Church, school and family
Have been replaced by street, turf, and gang)




Twenty-one now, and paid in full
Feeling bad, from all the shit I pulled
On people back in the day
Plus, I got a little baby on the way
So I'm trying to go straight
I'm with my baby's momma, out on a date
Til the punk ass cops ran my plate
Now I'm on a bus upstate
"Oh, the young nigga done caught a case!"
(Eating in the mess hall, saying my grace)
Sent to a concrete ho-house
Where all the products go, no doubt
Yo momma, I gotta do eleven
Living in a five-by-seven
Dear baby, your man's getting worn out
Of seeing young boys getting they assholes torn out
And then he got shanked with a spoon
And he was supposed to get out soon
Is it my fault, he was caught in production
Where a young black life means nothin'
Just because, I didn't want to learn your grammar
You say I'm better off in the slammer
And it's driving me batty
'Cause my little boy, is missing daddy
I'm ashamed, but the fact is
I wish pops let me off on the mattress
Or should I just hang from the top bunk
But that's going out like a punk
My life is fucked
But it ain't my fault, 'cause I'm the motherfucking product
(He ain't shit)




1234567890






Up early in the morning, dressed in black
Don't ask why? Cause I'm down in a suit and tie
They killed a homie that I went to school with (Damn!)
I tell ya life ain't shit to fool with
I still hear the screams from his mother
While my nigga laid dead in the gutter (Shit!)
And it's getting to my temple
Why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo?
It makes me so mad I want to get my sawed-off
And have some bodies hauled off
But no, I pay my respects and I'm through
Hug my crew, (whaddup Cube?) and maybe shed a tear or two
Then I wanna get blitzed
Grab my 40 ounce and then I reminisce
About a brother who had to be the one and only
So I dedicate this to my dead homiez


Another homie got murdered on a shakedown {3 gun shots}
And his mother is at the funeral, havin' a nervous breakdown
Two shots hit him in the face when they blasted {2 gun shots}
A framed picture and a closed casket
A single file line about 50 cars long
All driving slow with they lights on
He got a lot of flowers and a big wreath
What good is that when you're six feet deep?
I look at that shit and gotta think to myself
And thank God for my health
Cause nobody really ever know it
When it's gonna be they family on the front row
So I take everything slow, go with the flow
And shut my motherfuckin' mouth if I don't know(Word!)
Cause that's what Pops told me
But I wish he could have said it...to my dead homiez


I remember we painted our names on the wall for fun
Now it's "Rest in Peace" after every one
Except me, but I ain't the one to front
Seems like I'm viewin' a body after every month
Plus, I knew him when he was yea big
Pour beer on the curb before I take a swig
But somethin' ain't right
When it's a tragedy, that's the only time that the family's tight
Lovin' each other in a caring mood
There's lots of people and lots of food
They say "Be Strong" and you're tryin'
But how strong can you be when you see your Pops cryin'?
So that's why Ice Cube's dressed up
Because the city is so fuckin' messed up
And everybody is so phony
Take a little time...to think about your dead homiez




1234567890




Police eat a dick straight up, you know why?
I got jacked just the other night
This motherfucker gonna tell me, what I'm doin' walkin' in the streets?
Man, what the fuck you mean what I'm doin' walkin' in the streets?
You gonna buy me a motherfuckering car?
Everytime I try to steal one, you take me to jail
So what the fuck you talk about... a nigga like me strugglin' to stride?
Nigga walkin' in the streets at night is like committin' suicide
So what the fuck is next?
I'm tired of this motherfucking shit
Niggas poppin' off the Mob, talking about I'm the nigga you love to hate. Bitch! back up off my tip
For the simple fact; you're only like a gnat on a dog's dick…




1234567890




Once again it's on, the nigga you love to hate
Ice Cube's in the motherfucking house
Yo, I wanna say what's up to the niggas from the Lench Mob
J.D., T-Bone, Shorty, Del, yo
Sir Jinx, Chill, Dazzie Dee, and K Dee, yo
And the rest of the Mobs in the house yeah
{Herd 'em up}
I wanna say what's happening to my man, Afrika Bambaataa
And the mighty Zulu Nation, yo
I gotta give a shout out to the Public Enemy
Yo, y'all motherfuckers in the house
{Who stole the soul..}
And the niggas that's handlin' business, EPMD
Yo I wanna say what's up to Uncle L, LL Cool J
The niggas from X Clan, yo
I gotta say what's up to Digital Underground and Humpty Hump
Cause he makin' more than Donald Trump, you know what I'm sayin', yo
I gotta say what's up to the niggas that's payin' dues, Low Profile
{W.C.'s in the house}
And that big ballin' ass nigga named King Tee
DJ Pooh, and the niggas that's droppin' bombs on your ass
The motherfuckin' Bomb Squad
{Eric Sadler... }
M-m-m, I gotta say what's up to Big Daddy Kane, yeah
And the Rhyme, the Rhyme syndicate yo
And to the niggas that can slang them dolls, King Sun, yo
I gotta say what's happenin' to my girl Yo Yo
She's stompin' to the motherfuckin' 90s, yeah
And the I.B.W.C
My man Mac, yeah, yo
And to the Mackaframalama motherfuckers
Don't laugh hoes, I'm down with The Afros, yo
I wanna say what's happenin' to the trigger-happy, motherfuckin' Geto Boys
{In the motherfuckin' house!}
RUN DMC and Jam Master Jay
Stetsasonic, and 'One-Time Gaffled 'Em Up', C.M.W., yo
I gotta say what's happenin' to my west coast homeboy
Ice-Motherfuckin'-T, yeah
And my man from O-town, Too $hort's in the motherfuckin' house
{Biiiiitch!}
My man from the East coast, Busy Bee, yeah
The Nigga from my block
King Ronny Ron, D-Dougs, and my man Stretch
And you know that street knowledge is givin' the punch, yeah
I gotta say what's happenin' to my manager
Pat Charbonnet, and you know she don't play
And my nigga, the only nigga {Who's that?}
Sir Jinx in the motherfuckin' house, yeah
And to all the motherfuckers I forgot
Y'all ain't did shit anyway! yo
This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
Ice Cube in the motherfuckin' house
Comin' at your ass with a gangsta lean
Fall of 1990 style, you know what I'm sayin'?
{We outta here... }
Five thousand G
[Phone:]
Yo, Ice Cube man. Since you went solo, what's up with the rest of the... ? [abrupt end]
[Operator:]
If you need help, hang up and dial your operator