Ain't nobody talkin' when I'm talkin' fellas, so shut the fuck up! The following items you place in the envelope as I call 'em off. An empty wallet, legal paperwork. First three, out of the tank!


Line up, single file on the bench, let's go! Open your mouths, stick out your tongue. Alright, do your ears, one at a time. Okay, bend your heads over, shake 'em out with your fingers. Hands above your head, hands out in front of you. Over. Move those fingers. Reach down and lift up your nutsacks. Drop your nutsacks and skin back your dick. Turn around. One foot at a time, pick it up and wiggle the toes. Other foot. Bend over, grab your ass, spread your cheeks and give me two good coughs!


1234567890987654321




"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"


Goddamn, another fuckin' payback with a twist
The motherfuckers shot but the punks missed
Ice Cube is outgunned, what is the outcome?
Will they do me like Malcolm?
'Cause I bust styles, new styles
Standin' strong, while others run a hundred miles
But I never run, never will
Deal with the devil with my motherfuckin' steel - Boom!
Media tried to do me
But I was a boy in the hood before the movie, yeah
Call me nigga, bigot, and a spook
But you the one that voted for Duke, motherfucker
White man is somethin' I tried to study
But I got my hands bloody, yeah
They said I could sing like a jaybird
But nigga, don't say the J-word
I thought they was buggin'
'Cause to us, Uncle Sam is Hitler without an oven
Burnin' our black skin
Buy my neighborhood, then push the crack in
Doin' us wrong from the first day
And don't understand why a nigga got an AK
Callin' me an African-American
Like everything is fair again, shit
Devil, you got to get the shit right
I'm black, blacker than a trillion midnights
"Don't Believe The Hype" was said in '88 by the great Chuck D
Now they're tryin' to fuck me!




"With no Vaseline
Just a match and a little bit of gasoline" (Huh!)


It's a great day for genocide (What's that?)
That's the day all the niggas died
They killed JFK in '63
So what the fuck you think they'll do to me?
But I'm the OG and I bust back (Boom, boom!)
Bust back (Boom, boom!), peel a cap (Boom, boom!)
Gimme room in the fire of the sun
Here the Mack come, here the Black come, watch Jack run!
Motherfuckers can't gank me
Fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a Yankee
Overrun and punk the Presidency
If it means that I'm down with O.P.P., yeah!
I met Farrakhan and had dinner
Now you ask if I'm a Five Percenter? Well
No, but I go where the brothers go
Down with Compton Mosque, Number 54
Made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow
Did Ice Cube sell out? You say, "Hell no!"
A black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen
So could you please stop bitchin'?




"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
(*Gunshots*)


You missed, and didn't hit Da Lench Mob, either
Guerrillas in tha Mist without jungle fever
But I got the fever for the flavor of a cracker, not a Pringle
Bust the single, here's my new jingle:
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
The KKK has got three-piece suits
Usin' niggas like turkey shoots
My motto is, "Treat 'em like a prostitute!"
Now if I say no violence, devil, you won't respect mine
Fuck the dumb shit and get my TEC-9 (Yeah!)
And if they approach us
I, I - I bury those cockroaches
And if you can't deal with my Kill at Will
Here's a new gift to get, try my Death Certificate
AmeriKKKa's Most, America's burnt, it's like toast
Like Jordan, I'm goin' coast to coast
Dribblin' the funk, here comes the nigga with the motherfuckin' monster dunk
Get off me, punk!




"Jordan..."
"Watch Jordan!
Ayo, Cube, watch Jordan..."
"Yes!"
You better eat your Wheaties"


"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"


Daryl Gates got the studio surrounded
'Cause he don't like the niggas that I'm down with
Motherfucker wanna do us
'Cause I like Nat, Huey, Malcolm, and Louis
Most got done by a black man's bullet
Give a trigger to a nigga and watch him pull it
Negro assassin
I'ma dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo' ass in
When they shoot, no, it won't be a cracker
They use somebody much blacker
What I do? I called up the Geto Boy crew
'Cause my mind's playin' tricks on me, too (Yeah)
Never died, surround my crib
And FOI makin' sure nobody creep when I sleep
Keep a nine millimeter in my Jeep (What?)
Peep when I roll, I gots to roll deep
Ain't goin out cheap
Met the MAAD Circle on Cypress Hill 'cause it's so steep
They'll never get me, they'll never hit me
Motherfuck that shit, J-Dee
Now I'm relaxed
Grab the St. Ides brew so I can max
Sittin' by the window 'cause it's so fuckin' hot
And then I heard a shot (Boom!)


12345678904309876512


I was raised to be white-black, I was raised to be equal to anyone. Listening to you, you are so prejudiced, I just can't believe it! I am shocked! You're scaring me!


What is he saying that you have a problem with?
What is he saying that you have a problem with?


What scares us is I think we hear violence


I think you don't know what the fuck it is you talkin' about!


I'm so scared to go out in the world next year, because I was never a prejudice person until listening to you, it's really scary hearing what you're saying, I'm very scared!


What is he saying that you have a problem with?
What is he saying that you have a problem with?


What scares us is I think we hear violence


I think you don't know what the fuck it is you talkin' about!




They're saying questions about us fearing, white people fearing, you know, what will the black folks do and stuff, we should be running down the streets, screaming and ranting and raving cause when you look at the statistics, Who is the one dying? From the policemen? From the KKK? From the skinheads?


What scares us is I think we hear violence


What is he saying that you have a problem with? And why is it when a black man stands up to speak for his people, and all the people stand up to speak for their people, there's no problem with it?


But you saying he said "black", he said "Jew"
When people talk, they talk like that


But why is it, when a black man stands up to speak for his people, you feel so threatened? Everybody's paranoid?


And you talk about black segregation? We live in Harlem and we live in Watts. We live in Bedford–Stuyvesant. That's a form of segregation. We walk through Bensonhurst. We get killed. So what are you talking about?


1234567890987654321




Now dis one dedicated to di man dem call MacGyver (Buck)
And all double-oh-seven James Bond spy man is from di area (Gunshot, gunshot)
Maximum respect to di man dem call Ice Cube (Buck, buck)
Him nah bust no deuce-deuce, no trey-eight, but four-four, wicked (Right)
Uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked
Uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked


One, two, three and I come with the wicked
Style, and you know that I'm from, the wicked
Crew, act like you knew
'Cause I got everybody jumpin' to the voodoo, kick it
Wicked rhymes, picket signs
While me and the Mob gotta trunk full of nines
Play ya and I'll slay ya
I got the mayor by the hair
Ready to buck, buck, buck and it's a must
To duck, duck, duck before I bust
Lookin' for the one that did it
But like En Vogue, no, you're never gonna get it
'Cause I'm the one with the fat mad skills
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills
Sittin' at the pad just chillin'
'Cause Larry Parker just got two million, oh what a feelin' (So)
Shake that nigga and pass me the pill
And I'll slam dunk ya like Shaquille O'Neal
Like it, dig it, maybe, and watch that test tube baby
Kick it, 'cause I get wicked




You know dem wicked, Ice Cube and Torcha Chamba sound
Yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
Yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
My name is Don Jagwarr and Ice Cube we run di town (Wicked)


Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man)
Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck-buck (Wicked), buck (Wicked man), buck-buck


Don't say nothin', just listen
Got me a plan to break Tyson outta prison
Come my way and get served
Still got a deuce that'll bunny hop the curb
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin
Never seen with a happy grin
Show the fat frown 'cause I'm down
Take a look around
All you see is big black boots steppin'
Use my steel toe as a weapon
Kick ya and flip ya, now they want to
Label this nigga tape with the sticker
Diggin' out girls that's nicety
Plus I got a body count like Ice-T
From here to New York
I get skins and ain't talkin bout pork
Swine, pig, dig
Listen to the flow of a so-called negro
Who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett
Dig it, 'cause I get wicked




Ice Cube and Torcha Chamba sound
Yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
Yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
My name is Don Jagwarr and Ice Cube we run di town (Wicked)


Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man), buck-buck
Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man)


People wanna know how come
I got a gat and I'm lookin' out the window like Malcolm
Ready to bring that noise
Kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys
April 29th brought power to the people
And we might just see a sequel, 'cause
Police got equal hate
A chazzer's a pig that don't fly straight
Through with Daryl Gates but is Willie Williams
Down with the pilgrims?
Just a super slave
We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave
I'm wicked enough to pull this
'Cause now it's on to the fullest
Gorilla straight from the mist
But I don't miss when it comes to (Uh) this
Bring the yellow tape
The white cape, 'cause I'm so straight
Through with the picket signs
Take this job and stick it, bigot, 'cause I get wicked




Wicked man (Haha, oh)
Hear the— hear the—
Hear the— Wicked man
Hear the drummer get wicked


Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus pick up di mic
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus put down di gun
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, 'cause we run di town
Dem wicked, dem wicked, 'cause we run di town


Yes, dem wicked, gwaan
Back wha, seen, den di one dem call Ice Cube
International superstar don gorgon style (Buck)
Way back in Brooklyn, inside of Los Angeles, South Central style
Torcha Chambas (Buck), dem run the country (Maximum respect)
And my name is Don Jagwarr, we are the top celebrity seen
Because we wicked, we wicked, we pick up di mics
Yes, we wicked, we wicked, we put down di guns
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, but we run di town
Wicked man


1234567890987654321




Ayo Cube, there go that motherfucker right there
No shit? Watch this
Hey, wassup man
Not too much man
You know you won, G
Won what?
The wet t-shirt contest, motherfucker!
*gunfire*




It's on like Donkey Kong
You wanted that fast buck
Now I gotta light that ass up
The nigga with the big fat trigger
Don't test me, gravedigger had to take a swig
Of the ST, remember the time we first met up?
You threw your set up, now you gotta get wet up
BOOM! PING! BUCK! POW!
Now, who's that nigga with the different style?
Uhh, ya wanted ta trip
It's all about the clip and who can empty it
First mate, they made day AK
And I'll Kurtis Blow yo' ass away like AJ
I'm almost certain I'm put on the hurting
Bitch, it's curtains!
Locked in my motherfucking head
Gotta play connect-the-dots with my infrared
You in danger, Mr. Gangbanger
It ain't cool to take candy from a stranger
Wit'cha drive-bys, it took time to catch ya
But now I gotta wet'cha!




Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger


S-I-M-I Valley for the KKK rally
A place on the map where the order is
Those devils can beat up a motorist
And get nothing but a slap on the wrist
Gorillas, gorillas report to the mist
The fist of fury, I'ma shove 'em
Motherfuck the jury and who ever love 'em
Why you have to leave it to Beaver?
Now I'm chasing Beaver' ass with a cleaver
With the swing, swing, swing and chop, chop, chop
Get the mop, nigga
'Cause tonight we having chopped liver
And I'ma cut out'cha heart
Start the frying pan for the devil à la carte
Twelve motherfuckers ya better be glad I never met'cha
'Cause I'm gonna wet'cha!






Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger




Now wet motherfuckers are bloody
'Cause a bullet'll mold your ass like silly putty
White in the shape
A hollow point'll run up in ya like ya got raped
Coming out'cha back, Mr. Mack
Now they got yo' guts in a sack
Used to have ya crew real fat in a huddle
Now you're wet in a puddle
Here is the Ice Cube rebuttal
You ain't got a chance, 'cause even if my bullet just glance
Ya still wet your pants
So what'cha wanna do when I got'cha ass point-blank?
Ya guaranteed to spank
Stiff as a board, ya floored
Go on, meet the Lord and then get ignored
'Cause you're on your way to hell and that I can bet'cha
That's why I had to wet'cha!




Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger




1234567890987654321




"There's no stopping what can't be stopped... no killing what can't be killed..."
There's something' out there waiting for us (Hahaha!)
There's something' out there waiting for us (Hahaha!)


You can run but you can't hide
From the Westside night stalker, shit talker
Run and tell them it's the L.M
Nigga with the gat, and I'm back
Off the everyday prey that I slay
Rolling with a fo', chase ya through South Central
Monkey-wrench ho should know that, she'll get the bozack
'Cause I'm not starving, but fuck that Johnny Carson ho
Never had me on the Late Night Show
Coming with the shit that'll hit
"Steady Mobbin'" 'cause the flavor's good
There goes the neighborhood
Nigga with the third album; how come he don't fall off?
Rolling with the sawed-off gauge
Turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture
But you know Anita, she can get the peter
Eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; here comes the Predator!


Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back (There's something' out there waiting for us)
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back (There's something' out there waiting for us)






Check your head for the new style
Fuck Laurence Powell and Briseno, Wind and Koon, pretty soon
We'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em
Riots ain't nothing but diets for the system
Fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace
If any, even if we fuck up Denny
Niggas are sick of your white man tricks with no treat
That's right; now it's on, on sight
You call me a Muslim, no, I'm not a resident
Still got my vote in—Farrakhan for president
Of white America, I'm tearing ya a new asshole
Who's the nigga with the new black
Strolling to your suburb house and I douse
With gas, now who's cleaning up trash?
Eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; here comes the Predator!


Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out... (Here comes the Predator!)
(There's something' out there waiting for us)


Got my black rag showing, and I'm hoin'; Ira Reiner
Can kiss my grits like Flo, on "Mel's Diner"
I'm meaner than a motherfucking hyena chasing antelope
Put my chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a cantaloupe
I can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em
Talk about dogs; boy, I can slang 'em!
Rat-a-tat-tat on your noggin
'Cause Ice'll cream your ass like Häagen-Dazs
Chocolate, I get crazy when I catch wreck
Even be flipping the tongue like da-diggity-dung Das-EFX
So who is Ice Cube? I'm a rapper, actor, macker
Got a little problem with the redneck cracker, did the tallywacker
Jerry Heller is a devil shit-packer
Coming with a crazy pitch
And the Statue of Liberty ain't nothing but a lazy bitch!
Don't wanna give up the crack, to the black
But you'll call it racial, if we go and rape the hoe
But eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; I am the Predator!




Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out...
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out... (Hahahaha!)


"They indicated, that when trapped, the creature activated a self-destruct device that destroyed enough rainforest to cover three hundred city blocks."






1234567890987654321




Break 'em
Shit
Ah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Uh


Just wakin' up in the mornin', gotta thank God
I don't know, but today seems kinda odd
No barkin' from the dog, no smog
And mama cooked the breakfast with no hog (Damn)
I got my grub on, but didn't pig out
Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out (What's up?)
Hooked it up for later as I hit the door
Thinkin', "Will I live another twenty-four?"
I gotta go 'cause I got me a drop-top
And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop
Had to stop at a red light
Lookin' in my mirror, not a jacker in sight
And everything is alright
I got a beep from Kim, and she can fuck all night
Called up the homies and I'm askin' y'all
"Which park are y'all playin' basketball?"
Get me on the court and I'm trouble
Last week, fucked around and got a triple-double
Freakin' niggas every way like MJ
I can't believe today was a good day (Shit)




Drove to the pad and hit the showers
Didn't even get no static from the cowards
'Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
Saw the police and they rolled right past me
No flexin', didn't even look in a nigga's direction
As I ran the intersection
Went to Short Dog's house, they was watchin' Yo! MTV Raps
What's the haps on the craps?
Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em
Roll 'em in a circle of niggas
And watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven
Seven, even back door Little Joe
I picked up the cash flow
Then we played bones, and I'm yellin', "Domino"
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.​ 
Today was a good day (Shit)


Left my nigga's house paid (Word)
Picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
It's ironic, I had the brew, she had the chronic
The Lakers beat the Supersonics
I felt on the big fat fanny
Pulled out the jammy and killed the punani
And my dick runs deep, so deep
So deep, put her ass to sleep
Woke her up around one
She didn't hesitate to call Ice Cube the top gun (Yeah)
Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin'
Took another sip of the potion, hit the three-wheel motion
I was glad everything had worked out (Uh)
Dropped her ass off and then chirped out
Today was like one of those fly dreams
Didn't even see a berry flashin' those high beams
No helicopter lookin' for a murder
Two in the mornin', got the Fatburger
Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp
And it read, "Ice Cube's a Pimp" (Yeah)
Drunk as hell, but no throwin' up
Halfway home and my pager still blowin' up
Today I didn't even have to use my AK
I gotta say, it was a good day (Shit)




Ayy, wait, wait a minute, Pooh, stop this shit
What the fuck am I thinkin' about?




1234567890987654321




"Peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city to the best of our ability. Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace are against the interests of all our people and therefore, cannot be permitted."
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...")
"We've been told that all along Crenshaw Boulevard, that there's a series of fires. A lot of looting is going on. A disaster area, obviously."
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...")
Make it rough!
("A lot of activity continues here at this command post.")
[Cube] Make it rough!
("We have sporadic fires, throughout the city of Los Angeles.")


Not guilty, the filthy, devils tried to kill me
When the news get to the hood the niggas will be
Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust
Kickin up dust is a must
I can't trust, a cracker in a blue uniform
Stick a nigga like a unicorn
Born, wicked, Laurence, Powell, foul
Cut his fuckin throat and I smile
Go to Simi Valley and surely
Somebody knows the address of the jury
Pay a little visit, "Who is it?" (Ohh it's Ice Cube)
"Can I talk to the grand wizard," then boom!!
Make him eat the barrel, modern day feral
Now he's zipped up like Leather Tuscadero
Pretty soon we'll catch Sergeant Koon
Shoot him in the face, run up in him with a broom-
-stick, prick, devils ain't shit
Introduce his ass to the AK-40 dick
Two days niggas layed in the cut
To get some respect, we had to tear this muthafucka up!




"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"




I got a Mac-10 for Officer Wind
Damn, his devil ass need to be shipped back to Kansas
In a casket, crew cut faggot
Now he ain't nothing but food for the maggots
Lunch, punch, Hawaiian, lying
Niggas ain't buying, ya story, bore me
Tearing shit up with fire, shooters, looters
Now I got a laptop computer
I told you it would happen, and you heard it, read it
But all you can call me was anti-Semitic
Regret it? Nope, said it? Yep
Listen to my big black boots as I step
Niggas had to break you off something, give Bush a push
But your National Guard ain't hard
You had to get Rodney to stop me, 'cause you know what?
We woulda to' this muthafucka up!




"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Ayy Muggs, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"






It's on, "Gone With the Wind"
And I know white men can't dunk
Now I'm stealing blunts and a cake from Betty Crocker
Orville Reddenbacher
Don't fuck with the black-owned stores
But hit the Foot Lockers
Steal, motherfuck Fire Marshall Bill
Oh, what the hell? Throw the cocktail, I smell smoke
Got the fuck out, Ice Cube lucked out
My nigga had his truck out, didn't get stuck out
In front of that store with the Nikes and Adidas
Oh Jesus, Western Surplus got the heaters
Meet us, so we can get the 9's and the what-nots
Got the Mossberg with the double-eyed buckshot
Ready for Darryl, and like Baretta would say
Keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow
"Don't do the crime if you can't do the time"
But I'm rolling, so that's a fucked-up slogan
The Hogan's, Heroes, spotted the guerilla by the Sizzler
Hitting up police killer
The super-duper nigga that'll buck
We had to tear this muthafucka up, so what the fuck?!




"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Yo Muggs, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Enough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"




"Not guilty verdicts for Stacey Koon, Laurence Powell, Timothy
Wind and Theodore Briseno: the four officers accused of beating
Motorist Rodney King."




1234567890987654321




Please welcome O'Shea Jackson, better known as Ice Cube!
How you doin'?


How you doin'?




Good to see you!
Well known that the Crips and the Bloods are allegedly coming together
Yeah, you've been a lot in the media lately than other rappers we'd mentioned earlier, Cube, that uhm...
You know? You have been labelled a lot of things
What do you say to the people when they accuse you of being anti-Semitic (Fuck 'em!), uh, anti-Korean (Fuck 'em!), and basically a perpetrator of violence because of your lyrics? What do you say to them? (Fuck 'em!)
And probably the reason why they say that it's because some of the lyrics where...
You refer to women as bitches and hoes, and all that
I wanna talk a little bit about that, too
Because we sort of had a discussion about this last time and.. (Yeah!)
–So and brothers, uhm... folks walkin' around, totin' guns, uhm...
All that kinda stuff, do you think that sometimes those images and those lyrics...
Help white folks justify their continual racism against us, or continues racism against us? (nah!)




I-I speak...in a perspective as uh... brothers on...
What we need to do is look in the mirror
I-I, I do want the white community to understand our community more...
And see what's going on, and see what- what, uh...the things they've done to us in the past...
Are still affectin' us now... mentally, you know?
And... the reason I said it's because, I mean everything I said about, uh, uhm... you know?
Everything I said on records before the riots, you know? Uhh... (ahem!)
Anything you want to know about the riots...
Was in the records before the riots! All you had to do was go...
To the Ice Cube library and, and, and...


In, in, in...




Pick a record and it would have told you
You know? I've given warnings...




So in other words, it's almost like a... war-warning or prophecy?




I-I've, I've given...
I've given so many warnings on what's going to happen
If we don't get these, uh...
These, these things straight in our lives, the clashes the-then, you know?
Armageddon is-is-is near! Eh-heh! [beat stops]


This here...
These words all about money


1234567890987654321






Dirty Mack!




There's a new girl on my street
And I'ma introduce her to my meat
Told my homeboy I was scoping, hoping
To crack them legs wide open
Ready to break that thang in half
Hit it with the shaft
Take a bath and I'm out, yeah
Better keep the Trojan
And if the sex was good, still be the hoe's friend
Fucked around and told my plan to the man
Sitting next to the goddamn man
How was I to know son
That the negro would run and tell the 4-1-1
With a big fat grin
Talking about all the hoes that I ran up in, huh
Broke a nigga' plan like dishes
'Cause now the bitch is getting suspicious
She know I fuck hoes outta habit
Who framed Cube? Mothafuck Roger Rabbit
'Cause I couldn't have and got stabbed in the back
By a black ass dirty mack...




And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yeah nigga you didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack...




There goes the Billboard, pull it
And see if I'm still #1 with a bullet
What the fuck do I see?
It looks like the Predator
Is gettin' dissed by the editor
Look, the vanilla wafer caper
Is to lynch a nigga on paper
But I'm much too black for the god damn cracker
Huh! Dirty Macker
Even the Guardian Angels got mental
But never seen their ass walking through South Central
Little superhero don't let me catch ya
I fuck around and wetcha
Tryna dirty mack me out
Tryna take food out my kid's mouth
You're lucky that my people are stronger than your evil
Or your ass woulda got the heave, hoe
Out the do, the 187 tag's still on your toe
So act like you know
That nigga that's known to jack
Devils in little red hats
Motherfuckin dirty macks






And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yeah nigga you didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack... (Yeah)




Don't come the O.G. way with that 'he say she say'
Bitch, hit the freeway, dirty macks get tossed
'Cause I'll fuck around, and jump your ass like Kris Kross
Just might blast, snake in the grass
Get a shank up the ass
Found in a trunk of funk
Pale and stiff as a philly blunt
What more do you want you done fucked up the plot
And deserve just what you got
'Cause I'm hotter than Tobasco
You little ass hoe
Now I gotta do you like Glass Joe
TKO now you see they fall on canvas
'Cause you scandalous
Don't know who the man is
Ice Cube-a jack
The wack ass Dirt Mack




And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yo Savage didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
I suppose you don't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack…


123456789087654321




Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!




You can't trust a big butt and a smile
No, that's the old style
In ['91], shit ain't quite the same
Bitches got a brand new game, yo
It's kinda hard to see
But the dating game ain't what it used to be
Back in the day, if a ho wanted ya dough
She give you a piece of ass and there we go
Go and get knocked up, and then she get socked up
You be broke and locked up
But the new's done hit
Bitches all over on some new, improved shit
To all y'all macks
Come to find out that bitches are pulling jacks
I remember every night all you had to worry about
Was getting caught at a red light
And a nigga jack you for your Dana Dane’s
Now shit done changed
'Cause you gots to watch the ones in the skirt
And it ain't about getting burnt
I know it sounds strange
But could you stop thinking with ya dick for a change?
'Cause you'll get a bullet in your brain, Mr. Rich
And about that bitch, don't trust 'em!






(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)




Here's how the bitches jack:
They try to catch a dumb nigga in the act
You came to the club, stepped to the bar
And pulled out a wad of Dubs
After you got buzzed, she walk by
You saw how big her ass was
Got her on the dance floor
And she started dancing like a hoe
Jimmy got stiff, she ain't have a ride home
So you gave the bitch a lift
She didn't wanna trouble you
But hopped her big ass in your BMW
Hopped to her house and started kissing
And Jimmy just wouldn't listen
'Cause you got real horny
And that ain't cool at four in the morning
Started undressing the ho
Got to the drawers and the hoe said, "No!
Not on the first date
It's getting kinda late, could you come back at eight?"
You said "Yeah!" 'cause you thought you met a wholesome hoe
But nigga, she know you rolling in some dough
And you'll regret and something 'bout a bitch you just met
Don't trust 'em!




Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)




Eight o'clock on the dot, nigga's hot
Dick hard as a rock
Straight on a solo creep
Can't wait till her little boy go to sleep
So you can seduce the G
Bust a nut and make an excuse to leave
You got her worked out 'cause you the man
But the bitch got diff'rent plans
She said "Take off your clothes, jump in the bed"
While she powder her nose
You get butt naked
Cause you ready to wreck it
'Cause you a motherfucking pro, next thing you know
The door flies open with a blast
With four niggas in ski masks
Pointing a gun at the pimp
You're scared as a motherfucker and Jimmy done went limp
They beat you down just a taste
Take ya to your house and make ya open up the safe
Drove you far, tied up in the trunk of your own fucking car
Take you out and pop the cap
I told you the bitch was a trap
Don't trust 'em!






(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)






Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)




Who do I trust? Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!
Who do I trust? Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!




1234567890987654321






Pay attention
Pay attention
Pay attention
Pay attention
Hey motherfuckin' Cube, what the fuck's wrong with you?
You didn't kick the rest of that Gangsta Fairytale shit
Why don't you kick it one good time?
Niggas on the playground wanna know what's happenin'
You left 'em hangin', man, what the fuck?




Little Boy Blue is outta Folsom
Now them three little pigs gotta roast him
Driving down Sesame Street and I bet
That little motherfucker's out fucking Smurfette
Ain't saw the wolf yet, but it's no doubt
They'll catch his ass slipping at his grandma house
They got the MAC-10 pointed out the coupe
'Cause they gotta follow they nose like Fruit Loops
Peeped out Little Miss Muffet on her tuffet eating grits
She saw the MAC-10 and the bitch had the shits
Ran into her house, called up her crew
'Cause Red Riding Hood wants to kill Little Boy Blue
And the wolf too, what is Mister Rogers doing?
Moved out his Jordan, bought him a Ewing
Him, Little Boy Blue and the wolf in the cellar
Planning on getting Cinderella
'Cause Cinderella still works for the pigs
Through with the dwarfs, fucking Bebe's kids
Now Snow White got the horny-ass beaver
Fucking the Beauty's Beast like Jungle Fever
Now the word's on the street
When the crews meet, you better make some fucking room
'Cause it's on with the pigs and them other nigs
When the cow jump over the moon, everybody jump




Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump (Everybody)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump




Now Little Boy Blue is up front
With the nine millimeter, ready for the hunt
Little Red Riding Hood caught his ass slipping
Drew down on the boy 'cause the bitch is set tripping
About to get loose with the deuce-deuce
That's when the boy said, "What about the gang truce?"
The little ho had no words
The wolf came around and the bitch got served
Three little pigs bought wigs
Dressed like sheep, Cinderella is Little Bo Peep
Trying to creep on the crew
The wolf, the Rogers, the Blue, they through
'Cause the pigs did the buck-buck-bang-ping
Now you hear the fat lady sing
Cinderella ran like a bitch
To the pay phone 'cause the bitch is still a snitch
Now the pigs are caught by the pigs and taken
In the pen to get fried like bacon
You still can't trust no ho
And Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go






Yeah Cube, man that shit was dope, nigga
You all that and a bowl of grits, nigga, that shit was on props, nigga
Yeah, that's how you kick that shit for the ninety-deuce, nigga
What's happening, nigga?
Yeah, nigga, that's Gangsta Fairytale part 2 nigga
Y'all trick-ass niggas can't fuck with it




1234567890987654321




Yeah, word is bond
Das EFX in this, you know what I'm sayin'?
Straight from the sewer, word is bond
Yeah, yah, ah, yeah
We doing this with my nigga
Where my nigga Ice Cube in the motherfucker?
Word is bond, yeah




You better check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause I'm bad for your health
I come real stealth
Dropping bombs on your moms
Fuck car alarms
Doing foul crime, I'm that nigga wit' yo' Alpine
Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know
And friends know, we got the indo
No, I'm not a sucker sitting in a House of Pain
And no, I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya
Head-butt ya, you say you can't touch this
And I wouldn't touch ya; punk motherfucker
Here to let you know boy, oh boy
I make dough, but don't call me Doughboy
This ain't no fucking motion picture
A guy or bitch-a, my nigga get wit' cha, and hit you
Taking that yak to the neck, so you better run a check




So come on and chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy!
Yeah, come on and check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health




Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)




Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played
'Cause they bitchmade, pulling out a switchblade
That's kinda trifle 'cause that's a knife, ho
AK-47, Assault Rifle
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow!
I got a new style... (Watch out now!)
I hate motherfuckers claiming that they folding bank
But steady talking shit in the holding tank
First, you wanna step to me?
Now your ass screaming for the deputy
They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row
Now they runnin' up in you slow
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)
Now your name is just Twan
Switchin', snappin', rollin' your eyes and neck
You better run a check






So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause big dicks up yo' ass is bad for ya health




Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)




If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate
You coulda had a V8
Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (Pow!)
I got six and I'm aimin' 'em
Will I shoot or keep you guessing?
'Cause fuck you and that shit you're stressing
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good
There goes the neighborhood hooker (Slut!)
Go ahead and keep your drawers
Giving up the claps and who needs applause
At a time like this, pop the coochie and you dead
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane head
Sprung, niggas call her 'Lips & Lungs'
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out!
'Cause women like you gets no respect
Bitch, you better run a check






So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self (Yeah)
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
'Cause bitches like you is bad for my health




Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yeah
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yo




Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
You better chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy
I said check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self (Check, check)




Mic-microphone check
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two)
Mic-microphone— (Check yo' self Cube, check yo' self Cube, check yo' self... )




1234567890987654321






See if there's a black-and-white that can do a drive-by
People are gonna have to die on this one
As long as it ain't me ahead, I don't give a shit, just part of the job
Are you resisting arrest?
I haven't beaten anyone this bad in a long time
Ah, come on, those beatings, those people were resisting arrest! (Uh)
When we get together, doin' our thing
In order to help each other




Driving down the motherfuckin' highway
The flyway, "Hey, bitch, you goin' my way?"
Now I got a passenger
I looked at the miniskirt, and I'm askin' her
"Would you like to hit the fat bud?
Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud?
I mean, are you giving up the nappy dugout?"
She said, "No," "Well then, get the fuck out!
'Cause I know where the hoes be fiendin'
Plus your fat ass got my six-deuce leanin'"
Bust a U on the avenue
Why, oh, why, it ain't shit to do
Bumping Sir Jinx's latest mix
And you thought that shit played out in '86
Looking for my dogs
Looked up in the mirror, being followed by the hogs
One time's on my motherfucking line
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me?
They must think it's a G
They both walked up with the G-L-O-C
(Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigga looked just like you!
All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks!)
Started they investigation:
No driver's license, no registration
When I stepped out the car, they slammed me
Goddamn y'all, who got the camera?






"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"




No lights, no camera, no action
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name is Jackson
He said, "Don't lie to me!
I'm looking for John, Matty, or Spike Lee"
The motherfuckers called for backup
I guess they planned to beat the mack up
He called me a silly-ass thug
And pulled out his billy-ass club
Tearing up my coupe looking for the chronic
Goddamn, nobody got a Panasonic?!
Found an empty can of Old Gold
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold
Fucked around and broke my pager
Then they hit a nigga with a Taser
The motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me
I fell to the ground and said, "Lord, have mercy!"
They hit me in the face, y'all
But to them, it ain't nothin' but (just a friendly game of baseball)
Crowd stood around; I said, "God damn ya!
Who got the camera?"






"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who the fuck got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"




I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'
That they was gonna put some work in
Mr. Law had to hit me in the jaw
'Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges
They played Rat-a-tat-tat on me head
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat, they'd be dead
A victim of a big fat 187
And little devils don't go to Heaven
Last night it was eleven, but they wasn't scaring me
So they tried the flashlight therapy
I looked at the black one, call him a traitor
I don't give a fuck if you got a Beta!
Just take my fucking picture
So I can go downtown and pitch a bitch about
The one that called me a spook
His name is Officer David Duke
If the crowd wasn't around, he would've shot me
Tried to play me out like my name was Rodney
Fucking police gettin' badder
'Cause if I had a camera, the shit wouldn't matter (Bitch!)




Uhh, who got my nine?
Who got my nine?
Y'all done did it this time, heh
Who the fuck got my nine?




1234567890987654321






Speaking as a Black man from America, which is a racist society, no matter how much you hear it talk about democracy, it's as racist as South Africa or as racist as Portugal, or as racist as any other racialist society on this earth. The only difference between it and South-Africa: South-Africa preaches separation and practices separation; America preaches integration and practices segregation. This is the only difference. They don't practice what they preach, whereas South-Africa preaches and practices the same thing. I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil




I don't agree with him because I'm not a follower of Muhammad myself. I think that all people have been mistreated in some form or another, but I don't agree with him; I don't follow Muhammad. I don't think anyone should follow one man; I think they should follow their own conscience. I think the main problem of most negroes is that they feel sorry for themselves, and I think this keeps them back much more than they would be if they didn't feel so sorry for themselves




If Martin Luther King, Roy Wilkins or any of these compromising negroes who say exactly what the white man wants to hear is interviewed anywhere in the country, you don't get anybody to offset what they say. But whenever a black man stands up and says something that white people don't like, then the first thing that white man does is run around and try and find somebody to say something to offset what has just been said. This is natural, but it is done




You know what I think? I just think you've given up. (Given up on what?) On the ideal of an integrated America, the dream of Martin Luther King, I think you've given up. This is not, I'm not trying to be a smart alec, I'm telling you honestly that I think you've given up




You know, it's interesting how white folks sit here thinking that I have a reason to lie to you, as though you are so powerful, and you are so wonderful, and I am so ashamed of my words, that I have to twist and turn. Please. You're not dealing with that kind of man. You're dealing with a man who means what he says and says what he means. Now listen


1234567890987654321






Good evening
Police, do not attempt to adjust your radios, there is nothing wrong
We have taken control over this city as to bring you this special bulletin
And we will return this motherfucker to you
As soon as the National Guard move in




The cops wanna catch the nigga that won't fetch
But I'll blast ya, never call ya master
Who is that kickin' up shit much faster?
Rollin' on a scooter, you know I might do ya
See a Black cop and my buckshots run right through ya
I never knew ya
'Cause I'm not a trick
You can suck the biggity-dick, I'm not the piggity-pig
I get away quickity-quick on a plane to South Central
Never get played by the monkey wrench ho
Steady mobbin', I'm just like Robin Hood
Up to no good, so many bitches on my wood
To the right of me and to the left of me
Bitch, I got so much game I need a referee
Throw a penalty of ass interference
Damn, y'all over me, so bitch, get on the bench
Here comes the cops, so I better hit the fence
Better run fast 'cause the Dobermans pinch
And I won't play mine in the daytime
Goddamn, here comes the canine
Four-legged copper that wants to use Ice Cube as a Whopper
But who's the first nigga to outrun a chopper?
No lie, say hi to the bad guy




Fuck (Hey guys, where ya headed?)
Nowhere, man (Got your license and registration?)
Yeah, hold up, right here (Hey, what's in that box back there?)
Nah, nothin', nothin' (They happen to be donuts?)
Huh? (Ya got a glazed donut? How bout a bear claw?)
Uh (If you don't have one, I gotta gaffle ya)
What? You gon' gaf— damn




See one time, hit 'em up
'Cause you know the Lench Mob is down to get 'em up
People think Ice Cube roll with the gangs
'Cause I'm in a coupe that's sittin' on thangs
Ain't gotta tell me twice about the jack
See, I got a .9 in my lap to take care of that
Caps get peeled on the regular
'Cause niggas try to get me for my cellular
Knick-knack, paddy-wack, the mack daddy's back
Kidnappin' hoes like the Patty Hearst jack
Have the white ho with a .44
Go rob a liquor store, they can't blame it on a nigga-ro
Bring the money to the rooster
Had a bitch in the mall bein' a booster
Damn, can't stand when the bitch get sent to Sybil Brand
And come back a man
You wanna point the finger at me 'cause the OG
Is souped like Chef Boyardee
Humpin', jumpin', had the place jumpin'
Goddamn, gotta break you off somethin'
You wanna know why I bust and how (Click-click)
Now look at you now
Huh, and I'm out real fast
Get the paper out your ass, baby
Yo, here we go, listen to the pro
Shoot the bo-bo and act like ya know, ho
Fuck with the flow and die
When I walk by, say hi to the bad guy




C'mon, man, it's just one left (I'll make a deal with ya)
What? (Ahh, ya got one of those powdered donuts?)
How bout that twister?
If it have cream in the middle, I'm gonna have to gaffle ya!
You gon' gaffle us? (Hey, can I reach back there and get one?)
Uh, yeah, homie
Go on and reach your head in (We got a lot of donuts left)
Duck your head in there, man
*gunshots*
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?