yeah
got him now
hey, cube! cube, boy!
what, what? whattup?
get your ass up!
ohh, shit
time to go!
ooh, man, shit
we goin for a little walk
(close 7)
ey, man ey, man!
what?
i never did like you
open it up!
strap him in!
all right, calm down
you got any last words?
yeah, yeah, i got some last words
fuck all yall!
switch
was america willing to maintain order, no matter what the cost?




1234567890






i heard paybacks a motherfucking fella
thats why im sick of getting treated like a goddamn stepchild
fuck a punk, cause i aint him
you gotta deal with the ninedoublem
the day is coming that youll all hate
just think if fellas decide to retaliate
they try to keep me from running up
i never tell you to get down, its all about coming up
so what they do, go and ban the ak?
my shit wasnt registered any fucking way
so you better duck away, run and hide out
when im rolling real slow and the lights out
cause im about to fuck up the program
shooting out the window of a droptop brougham
when im shooting, lets see who drop
the police, the media, and suckers that went pop?
and motherfuckers that say they too black
put em overseas, they be begging to come back
and say we promote gangs and drugs
you wanna sweep a fella like me up under the rug
kicking shit called street knowledge
why more fellas in the pen than in college?
because of that line, i might be your cellmate
thats from the fella ya love to hate


(fuck you, ice cube!)
yeah, haha! it’s the fella you love to hate
(fuck you, ice cube!)
(ay, yo, baby, your mother warned you about me)
its the fella you love to hate
(yo, you ain’t doin nothin positive!
yo, you ain’t doin nothin positive for the brothers, what you gotta say for yourself?)
(you dont like how im living? well, fuck you)


once again its on, the motherfucking psycho
ice cube the bitchkiller, cappeeler
yo, running through the line like bo, theres no pot to piss in
i put my fist in
now, who do ya love to hate?
cause i talk shit and down the eightball cause i dont fake
youre begging i fall off
the crossover, might as well cut them balls off
and get your ass ready for the lenching
the mob is dropping common sense and
well gank in the pen, well shank
any tom, dick and hank, and get the ass spanked
it aint about how right or wrong you live, but how long you live
i aint with the bullshit
i meet mo bitches, mo foxs
dont wanna sleep so i keep popping nodoz
and tell the young people what they gotta know
cause i hate when fellas gotta live low
and, if youre locked up, i dedicate my stylin
from san quentin to rikers island
we got em afraid of the funky shit
i like to clown so pump up the sound
in your jeep, make the old ladies say
"oh my god — brake, its the fella ya love to hate"


soul train done lost they soul
just call it train cause the bitches look like foxs
i see a lotta others, damn
it almost look like the bandstand
you ask me, did i like arsenio?
about as much as the bicentennial
i dont give a fuck about dissing these fools
cause they all scared of the ice cube
and what i say, what i portray and all that
and aint even seen the gat
i dont wanna see no dancing
im sick of that shit — listen to the hit
cause, yo, if i look and see another brother
on the video trying to outdance each other
ima tell tbone to pass the bottle
and dont give me that shit about role model
it aint wise to chastise and preach
just open the eyes of each
cause laws are made to be broken up
what fellas need to do is start locing up
and build, mold and fold they self into shape
of the fella you love to hate




1234567890






ice cube with da lench mob, i got it goin on
a fella thats livin in the city of the criminal zone
onetime cant keep the law in order
cause everybodys goin crazy for a quarter
youre tuned in to the number one crew in the area
the way im talkin im scarin ya
im darin ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag
or beat down for ya flag
cause if you is or you aint a gangbanger
keep one in the chamber
cause youll get them thangs put on ya son
ice cube has got the 411
all the ol school house fellows are crooks
so i get jealous looks
they keep thinkin did my head grow?
will the boys in the hood have to beat down ice cube?
hell no, ill static son, youll see its okay
i keep my nine anyway
for the day one of my homies wanna squab
im still rollin wit da lench mob




thems the motherfuckers you dont wanna fuck with
(americas most wanted)


back in the day i did my share of dirt
sometimes i got away clean, sometimes people got hurt
but if you know me, you know that im liable
to bust a cap cause its all about survival of the fittest
im a menace crook
i did so much dirt, i need to be in the guinness book
from the shit i took from people
i repo your vette, then jet
back to the criminal set
i leave clue after clue, but they cant catch me yet
cause im slick and slippery
they cant get with me, cops aint shit to me
i cant dig a pig, so i drop the dogs
and sweat em like sweathogs
and get mad, mad cause im the fella that flaunt it
amerikkkas most wanted




(ayo, what the fuck you sweatin me for mister officer man
he said a motherfuckin hamburger stand got broken in
do i look hungry motherfucker?)
we got ways to make you move




aiyo, heres what the poster read
"ice cube is wanted dead"
thats all it said
i put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green
hear shots and sireens
when i fiend, first they yo rings, now they my rings
so give it up punk and then i just
put another jack in progress
its the american way
cause im the gangsta
ice cube, a motherfuckin klepto
and tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so
who gets the worm?
and if im caught in a trap, you know ima beat the rap
with a payoff, cop gotta lay off
fbi on my dick, stay off!
im not a rebel or a renegade on a quest
im a fella with a s on his chest
so get the kryptonite cause im a rip tonight
cause im scarin ya, im wanted by america




run fella! run fella!
see ya!
(aiyo cube man, they on your ass)




word, but who the fuck is herb?
its time to take a trip to the suburbs
let em see a fella invasion
point blank on a caucasian
cocked the hammer, didnt crack no smile
take me to your house, pal
got to the house, my pockets got fat, see
crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry
three weeks later, im at the pad
had a little fly ass bitch wit me
sittin in the den, yo it couldnt be
(what up, g?) saw my face on tv
damn (oh shit!) i didnt know i lucked out
struck out, i gotta get the fuck out
packed my bags and tried to hit the door when
the ol bitch down the street mustve turned me in
cause the feds was out there ten deep
i got hassled and gaffled in the back seat
i think back when i was robbin my own kind
the police didnt pay it no mind
but when i start robbing the white folks
now im in the pen with the soaponarope
i said it before and ill still taught it
every motherfucker with a color is most wanted


amerikkkas most wanted, uh, reports that ice cube is the leader of the, uh, lench mob uh, also in the group they have jdee, tbone, chill, yoyo, del, kdee
sounds like a black thing




1234567890




fuckin around in a crap game
fellas think im soft, cause now im in the rap game
and i dont hang out as much, bang out dope cuts
standin on stage and im grabbin my nuts
but when it comes to gettin in a circle
im hittin sevens turnin broke fellas purple
looking for little joe and the dumb fella scream and choke
when deucedeuce hit the floor, yo
now which of yall wanna fade the twenty?
im turnin your fat pockets skinny
oh, yeah, im shakin the ivory
and boom, its like they die for me
fool, you can get loud, get mad, hit the joint
but dont forget my point
there it is, yo
i put my nike on the bet so it wont slide
money gone cause im never hittin deucefive
im never hittin fourtrey, no way
you wanna leave, but come on, ho, stay
fella fever thatll work
poppa needs brandnew sfoxs and a sweatshirt
fool, you cant even fuck with that
and now that im winnin, i gots to get my gat
cause i see your homies startin to look
and broke motherfuckers, they make the best crooks
and im feelin like a baller
buckin fools, now the circles getting smaller
now you wanna go and scheme
punk fellas like you just love to tripleteam
so i pick up my money and start walking
cause now i let the gat start talkin
now, since yall lost, you wanna go out like a sucker
take that, motherfuckers


catch you like you tryna bitch, motherfucker
aint no motherfuck—
here we go, here— here we go, here we go
ayy, ayy, waitwait a—, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a m—






1234567890




drop a old school beat


now the taste of alcohol is filling up my bladder
whats the date and time, it dont matter
had a pocket full of phone numbers, i was trying to sort
to make a long story short
ran into, this girl named carla
knew her from the back seat of my homies impala
she said whats up, yeah, whats the deal?
check the hairdo, of course it aint real
then i looked down, she was fat in the front
i asked how long, "well, about seven months"
oh, how time flies when youre having fun
she said "yeah but the damage is done
where you been?" "on a little vacation
oh by the way, congratulations
whos the lucky man? i dont have a clue!"
then she said "the lucky man is you," i dropped my brew
and everything looked fuzzy
not a baby by you, the neighborhood hussy
she said "yeah, remember that date?"
i thought back and tried to calculate
then i said "damn, are you sure its mine?
cause i know you been tossed plenty of times"
she said "that day, no i wasnt whoring
your ass is mine," thats when the sweat started pouring
cause all i saw was ice cube in court
paying a gang on child support
then i thought deep about giving up the money
what i need to do is kick the bitch in the tummy
naw cause then id really get faded
thats murder one cause it was premeditated
so what ima do, i dont have a clue
how many months left, damn only two
im gettin faded




("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in")
no cigar, g
[("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in" "whoa yeah")]
[("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in")]
ay yo, homey, man, im getting faded
[("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in" "whoa yeah")]




its crazy cause before i could sleep with her
i had to duck and dodge and try to creep with her
see the booty and the front was all in place
but the girl had the pitbull face
so we ran jumped drove swam crawled hid
oh lord god forbid
my homies see me at the motel
cause those fools would love to just go tell
everybody in the hood that knows your rep
so jump in the back seat and quiet is kept
and hold your big fat butt steady
cause yo, ho, i got the paper bag ready
she started moaning and gobbling like a turkey
i knocked the boots from here to albuquerque
i dropped her off man and im knowing
that im a hate myself in the morning
i got drunk to help me forget
yo another day another hit, shit
im gettin faded




("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in")
ay yo, you know what time it is
("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in" "whoa yeah")


nine months later shes ready to drop the load
and everybody in the hood already knows
its supposed to be mine so they laughing at me
you know ice cube cant be having that, g
im thinking to myself why did i bang her
now im in the closet looking for the hanger
jd and jinx and tbone wont let up, they wont shut up
im gettin fed up, bitch
cause i know youre tryin to break me
but if i find out your tryin to fake me
im a buff that duff and hoot
beat ya down and leave a crown or two
that night she went into labor
and the shit is getting kinda major
the baby came out, damn it was a lifesaver, huh
looking like my nextdoor neighbor
she said it was mine, it was her best guess
but lets check the results of the blood test
i started smiling yeah cause it read negative
damn, why did i let her live?
after that i shouldve got the gat
and bust and rushed and illed and peeled the cap
but no i just told the ho who laid me
excuse me bitch its a switch
you cant fade me


naw baby, not this way
yo, you aint playing ice cube out like no booger
i dont fall for the okeydoke
and before i fall for the okeydoke, i let the pistol smoke
now sing it




("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in")
ha ha, yeah baby, you cant fade me
("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in" "whoa yeah")
("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in")
nah, unfadeable baby, yo
("livin and jivin and diggin the skin hes in" "whoa yeah")




i aint never got gaffled like that, i used to do the gafflin
mcdonalds is my spot (what you used to do?)
jack them motherfuckers for them nissan trucks
right in the drivethru "fella, get your motherfuckin food, leave it in the car, fella, get out" straight jackin




1234567890




once upon a time in the projects, yo
i damn near had to wreck a ho
i knocked on the door (who is it?)
its ice cube, come to pay a little visit to ya
and whats up with the fellas in the parking lot?
she said "fuck em, cause they get sparked a lot"
i sat on the couch but it wasnt stable
and then i put my nikes on the coffee table
her brother came in, hes into gangbangin
cause he walked up and said, "what set you claimin?"
i dont bang, i write the good rhymes
the whole scenery reminded me of good times
i dont like to feel that im put in a rut
by a young fella that needs to pull his pants up
he threw up a set and then he was gone
im thinkin to myself: "wont this bitch bring her ass on?"
her mother came in with a joint in her mouth
and fired up the sess, it was sess no doubt
she said, "please excuse my house," and all that
i said, "yeah", cause i was buzzed from the contact
lookin at a fucked up black and white
her moms bitchin cause the county check wasnt right
she had another brother that was three years old
and had a bad case of the runny nose
he asked me who i was then i had to pause
it smelled like he took a shit in his little drawers
i saw her sister who really needs her ass kicked
only thirteen and already pregnant
i grabbed my 40 out the bag and took a swig
cause i was getting overwhelmed by bebe kids
they was runnin and yellin and playin and cussin and tellin
and look at this young punk bailin
i heard a knock on the door without the password
and her moms got the twelvegauge mossberg
the fella said "yo, whats for sale?" (yo, whats for sale, man?)
and the bitch came out with a bag of yayo
she made the drop and got the twenty dollars
from a smokedout fool with ring around the collar
the girl i was waiting for came out
i said, "bitch, i didnt know this was a crackhouse"
i got my coat, and suddenly
("stop, the police, dont move! freeze! ill kill ya!")
the cop busted in and had a mac10 pointed at my dome
and i said to myself, "once again, its on"
he threw me on the carpet and wasnt cuttin no slack
jumped on my head and put his knee in my back
first he tried to slap me up, wrap me up, rough me up
they couldnt do it so they cuffed me up
i said, "fuck, how much abuse can a fella take?
ayo officer, youre making a big mistake"
since i had on a shirt that said i was dope
he thought i was selling base and couldnt hear my case
he said, "get out my face" and musta had a grudge
his reply, "tell that bullshit to the judge"
the girl i was with wasnt sayin nothin
i said, "ayo bitch you better tell em somethin"
she started draggin and all of a sudden
we all got tossed in the paddy wagon
now i beat the rap but that aint the point
i had a warrant so i spent two weeks in the joint
now the story you heard has one little object:
dont fuck with a bitch from the projects






yo man, the projects, man, aint no joke, man, im tellin you
especially the motherfuckin ones in watts and south central la, boy
you dont fuck around with them projects, boy
ratsll whoop yo ass (yeah)
yo, yo, you see that ho over there, man?
look at that ho over there, man
ill set a ho out, straight up






1234567890




a message to the oreo cookie:
no matter how much you wanna switch, heres what they think about you!
"you gold teeth, gold chain wearing, fried chicken and biscuit eating monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast running, high jumping, spear chucking, threehundredandsixtydegree basketball dunking, ditsoon, spade, mulignan go the fuck back to africa – go the fuck back to africa – go the fuck back to africa!”
think about it, fuckin sellout!




here we go on station 103787 and were listening to…
we wont be listening to, uh
ice cube, amerikkka’s most wanted
because that’s bullshit, get that shit outta here
straight r&b, straight r&b, straight r&b—
where the motherfucking plug at? im about to disconnect his ass!
turn off that motherfucking radio!




turn on the radio, take a listen
what youre missing
personally, im sick of the asskissing
what im kicking to you wont get rotation
nowhere in the nation
program directors and djs ignored me
cause i simply said "fuck top 40
and top 30, top 20 and top 10!"
until you put more hiphop in
then i might grin, but dont pretend that youre down with the scene
and go and diss me in a magazine
how could you figure the brother could dig ya?
dj face down in the river
no, its not a threat, but a promise
im as crazy as they come, see
mama didnt love me
all i got is my nine
and to calm the savage beast, heres the alpine




disaster
turn off that bullshit!
turn off that motherfucking radio!
turn off that bullshit!
turn off that motherfucking radio!
turn off that bullshit!
play the music, motherfucker, put the music on
damn!




tune in to the radio, listen for a minute
yo g, stick a fucking tape in it!
cause all the radio do is gangle
that r&b love triangle
if youre out there kicking it with the brothers
you dont care about lovers
you wanna hear a young fella on the mic going buckwild
throwing and flowing and showing new styles
thats where im coming from
reality – thats what theyre running from
so if youre down with ice cube, let me know that you know
yo, turn off the radio


you know what? you know what?
basically those black guys and those rap guys
they dont know what the fuck theyre doing
i hate those fuckers, i hate em!
especially that one guy
the amerikkkas most wanted, ice cube—i hate that fucker!
get him off the air, get him off, get him off
get that rap shit out of here!
fella, get me a gat, so i can smoke this motherfucker!


hello?
hi, this is del
hey, im calling from 3838 twin oaks way
yeah, i just wanted to call to say "fuck the radio!"






1234567890


"at the bottom of our news tonight, theres been a new animal aimed in the direction of falling off the face of the earth yes, young black teenagers are reported to be the oldest, and the newest, creatures added to the endangered species list as of now, no efforts have been made to preserve the blacks when asked why, a top law official adds, because they make good game hunting"
(a young fella got it bad cause im brown)




peace? hahaha, dont make me laugh!
all i hear is motherfuckers rappin succotash
livin large, tellin me to get out the gang
im a fella, gotta live by the trigga
how the fuck do you figure
that i can say "peace" and the gunshots will cease?
every cop killing goes ignored
they just send another fella to the morgue
a point scored, they could give a fuck about us
they rather catch us with guns and white powder
if i was old, theyd probably be a friend of me
since im young, they consider me the enemy
they kill ten of me to get the job correct
to serve, protect, and break a fellas neck
cuz im the one with the trunk of funk
and "fuck tha police" in the tape deck
you should listen to me cuz theres more to see
call my neighborhood a ghetto cuz it houses minorities
the other color dont know you can run but not hide
these are tales from the darkside
all of us are endangered, damn!
(a young fella got it bad cause im brown)
(a young fella got it bad cause im brown)




you wanna free africa? ill stare at ya
cuz we aint got it too good in america
i cant fuck with them overseas
my homeboy died over kis
of cocaine, it was plain and simple
the 9mm went (buck) to the temple
(buck, buck, buck) was the sound i put the bitch down
and ran to the schoolyard bathroom
looked in the trash can, yo it had room
so i ducked my ass in it for a minute
covered with trash i had to lay back
mad as fuck, thinkin about the payback
tonight, the crew had a little fun
i went home and cut the barrel off my shotgun
its gettin critical  i stole a 50
i let it go  drive real slow
i yelled out "ice cube, sucka"
the shotgun kicked, and it murdered motherfuckers
i told you last album
"when i got a sawedoff, bodies are hauled off"
its a shame, that fellas die young
but to the light side it dont matter none
itll be a drive by homicide
but to me its just another tale from the darkside




standing in the middle of war, the minute we flex
when we die, we wont make jet
ebony cant see to the light side
the term they apply to us is a fella
call it what you want, cause im comin’ from the corner
same applies to a phd
whos black  dont wanna roll  sells his soul
watch his head go rollin’
who the fuck are they foolin’?
nobody knows, but i suppose the color of my clothes
matches the color of the one on my face
as they wonder whats under my waist
(standin on the verge) of them gettin’ brown
thats a fact, got a fear of the bozack
run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide
yeah cube, they cant fuck with the darkside!




1234567890






"once upon a time, in the black part of the city"
yo g, yo g you better get out of here man, 50
yo, ice cube, man
whassup man?
why you
whassup?
yo ice cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches and the fellas?
why dont you kick some shit about the kids, man? the fuckin kids!
word




little boys and girls, they all love me
come sit on the lap of ice
and let me tell ya a story or two
about a punkass fella i knew
named jack, he wasnt that nimble, wasnt that quick
jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick
ran up the street cause he was piping hot
met a bitch named jill on the bus stop
dropped a line or two, and he had the ho
at that type of shit hes a pro
so jack and jill ran up the hill to catch a little nap
dumb bitch, gave him the claps
then he had to go see dr bombay
got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way
to make some money, why not?
down on sesame street, the dope spot
there he saw the lady who lived in a sfox
sold dope out the front, by the back marijuana grew
for the man that was really important
who lived down the street inna air jordan
ride to the fellow mister rogers the foxs
drove a 500 sittin on lorenzoes
he broke out, little bo peep, smoked out
saw, her and her friends sellin sheepskins
yo, yo i got them sheepskins
yo, i got em sheepskins
yo baby, whats up with that?
you want the sheepskins or not?
hickory dickory dock, it was twelve oclock
cinderella aint home must be givin up the cock
i dont doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
had a fight with snow white, she was fuckin her dwarfs
saw a fight over colors, too
red riding hood, and little boy blue
a bad influence? yo i dont know
but ice cubell tell the kids how the story should go






yeah money, thats it, yeah money, thats it
this is little russ in the house
rock that shit homey, rock that shit!
"well, you know the rest"




humpty dumpty sat on a wall
with a joint, drinkin some 8ball
three little pigs in a coup de ville
lookin for, the wolf to kill
theyre fucked up and they want revenge
them and humpty used to be friends
now theyre enemies cause hes a traitor
pulled out the uzi cruised by and sprayed him
cinderella foxing for the fellas
and mister rogers is gettin mighty jealous
off the cash that the pigs were makin
time for the pigs to get turned to bacon
cause mister rogers found out quick
that humpty dumpty was blown to bits
they said that the motherfuckin wolf was next
so mister rogers better watch his step
so he let the wolf know
were gonna fuck up the pigs, and take they fox
cause cinderella is much too fast
before twelve, givin up ass
double barrels all loaded and cocked
as soon as they show, they gonna get popped
they bailed down sesame street and caught em
little boy blue is up front givin orders
little did they know cinderella was a fink
she called the cops and got thrown in the clink
a bad influence? yo, i dont know
ice cubell tell the kids how the stories should go






ayo man, was that dope enough for you?
yeah you aight, you in the house
we outta here, seeya!
yeah, you better go home before i whoop your little bad ass!




some bedtime story, huh?
its a nice place to visit, but i wouldnt wanna live here
ay, good ol mother goose, remember her? i fucked her




1234567890






hahaha, aye
hey yo cube, man
yo man whats up?
hey yo cube, check this out
yo, motherfuckers be on the dick and shit, right?
yo, yo
check this out, you know what i tell em, man?
kick that shit




well two peas in a bucket
mother motherfuck it
you either flavor flavin
or you chuck chuck chuckin
kiss my ass and suck the dic
k, stands for kill so dont fuck with me
i fucked that lady in the bed
i missed that pussy and i bust the spread
i tried it again in a thumping wagon
the bottom fell out and her ass started draggin
tried it again in a field of grass
i missed that pussy and i bust my ass
then i fucked this lady in a dream
the baby came out and said "rundmc"




yeah, and you dont stop
flavor flav in the house, and you dont stop
ice cubes in the house, and you dont
uh, boy! , aye, yo, rock that shit g! rock that shit g!




i knew this girl who looked just like you
light brown and a fly hairdo
i want to do her, screw her
so i stepped to her onkey
bitch, had more ass than a donkey
i said youre the type of girl that i cant pass over
give me one chance and ill bend your ass over
just call me the plumber at the end of the night
cause a fella like me will lay plenty of pipe
she didnt get offended, it was splendid to me
cause mister nice guy is what i pretended to be
i guess ill just wine her and dine her
and by the end of the night ill be behind her
waxing that ass like raindance
on the bumper get the pussy then i dump her
took her to the comfort inn, tucked her in
pulled out the third leg pumped it in
she said will you call me?
yeah, ill call you a "bitch" or a "ho" after i ball you
nawl im just playin but its still the same
cause a fella like ice cube is only out for one thang






yeah, whats poppin g? what you out for g?
yo, im only out for one thing
you out for what, man?
yo, im out for the pussy, the money, and the mic, and im straight
what are we ou wha wha we ou
i pledge allegiance to the uh to the fuckin, all of that shit
know what im saying?
five thousand!
five thousand, g
we out
yo, we out of here, five thousand, g
yo, this is for my boy ice cube, you know what im saying
yo, check this out




1234567890




stay off his dick




some dont think i can flow
so here we go
to a new track
to show the wack
that i can throw styles that show up
i blow up and blast here
fellas still tripping off the shit i said last year
about a bitch is bitch is a bitch is a bitch
then i got rich but ill never switch
so i dedicate this one to the groupie
and the charlie all on my snoopy
brothers keep asking ice cube yo when will you bust
they surround me and make a big fuss
now i was taught back on my block
that you dont ride on nobodys jock
for anything they do
fuck him and his crew
unless you were gettin paid too
im not saying this to dis each and every fan
women you can ride but man be a man
shake my hand and make it a firm shake
say "whats up ice cube?" and then break
cause if youre hangin there ima tell you loud and clear:
get off my my dick fella—and tell your bitch to come here




1234567890




and now, "the driveby"




yo, money! the mothafuckas around the corners, till we trippin, man!
whassup, man? what are they doin, man?
yo, man! i just dont like them mothafuckas!
alright, man
fuck it, man!
lets get in the car, man!
aiight! yo, yo, yo! lets smoke those mothafuckas! [car doors slam shut]
there they go!
 aight! turn off the headlights, man! turn the radio down! turn the radio down
 yo, yo, yo, yo! we gon bring death to them!
hehehh! locin up motherfucka let it go
ayo, man! roll the window down! [music stops]
aight!
we finna get this mothafucka! ey, ey, ey, man! whassup, fella?
yo!
this is lench mob, fella!
just smoke the mothafucka, man!
shoot that mothafucka, man! [4 shots] [automatic gunshots]


ey, ey, ey! im shootin em right now, man! lets get em, man! [4 shots]
fuck that! smoke the mothafuckas! [automatic gunshots]
owww, shit, man! i shoot the mothafuckas!
get fuck outta here, man! get the fuck! [car pulls away]


fuck outta here
"outside the south central area
few cared about the violence because it didnt affect them"




1234567890






yo, tbone
(what up, d?)
yo man these motherfuckers steppin to me man talkin bout the lench mob aint in efizzect!
(motherfuckers pc yo boy tyrna fit everybody panic)
word em up, matter of fact i oughta cuff em like a brand new pair of levis!
(like roll them motherfuckers up like a fffat ass joint!)
word em up!




you cant fuck with the criminal
rappin over gangsta shit
first i load the clip, and then i make the hit
i know some of yall cant fade this
lench mob fellas are the craziest
so you and your boys are assout
when im rollin in a sevendeuce glass house
the mob aint nothing but a menace
when we get the motherfucking dog in us
playing them oldies
im pourin out some of my beer for my homies
ready to peel your cap
you cant believe "faces of death" on wax
some say the mob aint positive
man fuck that shit, cause i gots to live
how i live and you could either give a fuck punk
yo or get your ass bucked
some rappers are heavensent
but selfdestruction dont pay the fuckin rent
so you can either sell dope or get your ass a job
id rather roll it wit the lench mob




lench mob! lench mob! lench mob!
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
(the lench mob is takin a 9 to ya mind all the motherfucking time!)
(yeah, motherfucker!)
(do it!)




to be down with the mob is simple
mind your own; you want a spot, find your own
and take mine if youre badder than the strongest
i do the right thing i do the wrong thing
do anything cause i aint faking the scene
its all about how much bacon you bring
and if you see something from the gat i will stuff it
yo you aint seen nothing
cause if you testify youre living blind
cause in the city you live and let die
rolling with the fools onetime cant beat
on my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet
he said "i know you" i said "you might
my name is ice cube i did a song you didnt like"
so he soaked me up like bounty
had to do a week in the county
a piece of cake it was just like a party
cause in the county you know everybody
no i didnt kill or steal or rob
locked up for what cause im rollin wit the lench mob






lench mob! lench mob! lench mob!
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker




if you know a female thats rollin with the lench mob
watch your step cause the gat is kept
in the purse like my homegirl yoyo
you gotta be down and you cant be a ho, no
cause if you are ill be the first one to bust you out
after my crew ill be the first one to rush you out
get the picture or bitch
youll get the eightysix
if she wanna try and mix
business and pleasure make up your own mind
you gotta be a ho on your own time
dont sleep cause even on a solo creep
yo the mob is still deep
and well play ya just like a nitwit
you thought you got with the crew you cant get with
so get the noose ready for the lynching
now 235 is what im benching
but nowadays its still not enough
i got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush
give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job
rolling with the motherfucking lench mob






lench mob! lench mob! lench mob!
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker
for lynching any sucker


ayo, fuck that man
im not going back to jail
fuck that, ice cube
man, im rollin wit the lench mob




1234567890






one of these motherfuckers is different
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack




whos the mack? is it some brother in a big hat
thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?
rolling in a fuckedup lincoln
leaning to the side so it looks like hes sinking
into that leopard interior
this fella think every girls inferior
to his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung
as shes selling more butt and dont even get a cut of the money
his name is sonny and he know the play
and hope to god that he dont find a runaway
thats looking to become a star
hell have your ass in and out of every car
with every ron and rick, sucking every johns dick
come short of the money, get your ass kicked
you dont like it but you still call him hunk
last night the fella put yo ass in the trunk
you wanna leave, but sonny started talking fast
and it make you wanna go and sell more ass
hes getting rich, you his bitch and its like that
now ask yourself, whos the mack?




whos the mack? it is that fool that wanna pump the gas
give you a sad story and you give him cash?
he start macking and macking and you sucking
quick to say im down on my luck, and
you give him a dollar or a quarter and hes on his way
then you see his sorry ass the next day
are you the one getting played like a sucka?
or do you say, "get a job, motherfucka"?
every day, the story gets better
hes wearing dirty pants and a funkyass sweater
he claims he wants to get something to eat
but every day you find yourself getting beat
he get your money and he run across the street
dont look both ways cause hes in a daze
and almost get his ass hit for the crack
now ask yourself, whos the mack?




whos the mack? is it that fella in the club
asking "have you ever been in a hot tub?"
i know the game, so i watch it unfold
when i see a boy pinned to your earlobe
hes talking shit and you crack a smile
when he tell you that he can go buck wild
for a girl like you and make it feel good
you know its drama, but it sound real good
he started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging
the pussy so he can keep bragging
he say, "im a leave baby, can you go with me?"
you wanna do it but you feeling like a fox
you grab his hand, you leave and its over
cause the fella aint nothing but a rover
ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back
now ask yourself, whos the mack?






macking is the game and everybodys playing
and as long as you believe what they saying
consider them a mack and with no delay
they are gonna get all the play
but when it comes to me, save the drama for your mama
its ice cube and you know that im a
mack in my own right when it comes to rhyme and rap
cause all i do is kick facts
unlike iceberg slim
and all of them be claimin be pimp
no, im not going out that way
im just a straight up nidoublega
next time, you get over on a fool
and you did the shit like real smooth
thank ice cube for giving up the facts
and ask yourself, "whos the mack?"


straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack
straight gangsta mack




1234567890




women, theyre good for 


wait wait wait wait, cube, trip this
we gonna dedicate this to the pretty young ladies
you know, them pretty young ladies that wouldnt give us the play before the album, this is for you


women, theyre good for nothing, no maybe one thing
to serve needs to my dingaling
im a man who loves the onenight stand
cause after i do ya, huh, i never knew ya
cause to kick it man it gives me the fits
they wanna lay with they nose under your armpits
ice cube wont wait so give it up cow
after we do it you can go home now (see ya!)
im a brother with a big long
(come on, wait, what the hell you think you talkin about?)




first of all let me tell you my name, its yoyo
and downing a girl, first offense, and thats a nono
yoyo thinks the kitchen sink should be thrown in
fellas be scheming and fiending to stick the bone in (yep)
no, yoyos not a ho or a whore
and if thats what youre here for, exit through the door, theres more
to see of me but youre blind so
women like me are fading brothers in the 90
(wait, first of all how you gon come on my record and talk?)
im tryna say all women are superior over men
(yeah yeah)
but wait how you gon rule the world when you broke as a joke?
(with yo county check baby)






ay what up, buttercupper miss yoyo (thats me)
i know you like to rap and like to flow so
but when it comes to hiphop this is a mans world
stay down and play the playground you little girl




what youre saying i dont consider it as rapping
cause youre a rerun and im the new whatshappening
it never fails, ill always get respect
and you lose, so take a rain check




hell no cause you know that im first and youre second
if it wasnt for me, youd probably be pregnant
and barefoot, complaining that your back is aching
shaking and faking while im bringing home the bacon




well youre mistaken, its not going that far
i make brothers like you play the backyard
you used to flow with the title but i took it
bring home the bacon but find another ho to cook it




damn it lookit, cause youre talking a lot of bull






well im not your puppet so dont even try to pull




this is a mans world thank you very much




but it wouldnt be a damn thing without a womans touch




this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world




ah miss yoyo, so what gives?
i hear females always talking about womens lib
well get your own crib, and stay there
instead of having more babies for the welfare
cause if you dont ill label you a gold digger
the name is ice cube you know that i aint the fella
for you to look at when your hair get nappy
so take a piece of the pole and be happy




hell no, because to me youre not a thriller
you come in the room with your threeinch killer
thinking you can do damage to my backbone
leave your child in the yard until its fullgrown
im a put it like this my man
without us your hand would be your best friend
so give us credit like you know you should
if i dont look good, you dont look good






i doubt it baby cause were still most dominant




but you dont know how funky that i can get




this is a mans world thank you very much




but it wouldnt be a damn thing without a womans touch




this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world




man, women, i put a lot of fear in em
(why is that?)
cause i had it up to here with em
drink a beer with em? no way
cause i can only deal with em about an hour every day
yeah if you know what i mean baby




well i guess, now that i think about it i think maybe
if you was more of a man instead of faking it
women deserve the credit when theyre making it


yeah so whats the problem?


well i think we solved it
i know they know the best male from whos doggin it




yeah i admit you can flow




well thats true




but you see im a pro with the bank too




yeah i can see you got it good




oh that i know




but you see youre not better than yoyo
the brandnew intelligent black lady




youre kinda dope but you still cant fade me




so what up then?




girl, what you tryna do?




to prove a black woman like me can bring the funk through




this is a mans world thank you very much




but it wouldnt be a damn thing without a womans touch




or a big butt




this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this, this is, this is a mans world
this is a mans world




1234567890






(the police set up barricades, there was a scuffle)
(this turned into a riot and it spread through central park)
(negros threw bottles at the police)
(orders to disperse were ignored and huge crowds swarmed through the streets)
the bomb!


its like a holocaust to the boss when i toss
too much knowledge kicked then youre lost
in a shuffle of feet, jinx the fiddler
and i control your mind like hitler
you bow and vow to authority
see now, a sucker with a style just boring me
so i show know
ledge it might trouble you
then i transform like a decepticon
with a mic as a bomb
in my right palm
but i dont stay calm
so panic
others cant flow so they go schizophrenic
you thought i dropped a dud in your face
until you taste the blood of the bass
then you faint, or better yet pass out
when im on the mic, believe its ass out
you think youre raw, so we draw
you lose, youre hung, you bite your tongue
the whole town saw in awe as you strangle
a noose on your neck, and you dangle
from side to side in the blazing heat
youre beat, youre dead, the boots fell off your feet
youre turning red, its said
that your head burst
and this is only the first verse
of the bomb






dont break up the fight let them rumble
over the years ive watched some go superbad quick
now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach
now ask yourself, whos stupid?
i take funky funky beats and i loop it
and pimp slap you in the face with the bass
and the boom from the bomb that i drop
stop
you have a flat top as a fashion
i love black women with a passion
but when they gotta go and show their ass in
i gotta clown the foxs, yeah
you gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres
theyll steer you wrong
ice cubes got it going on, hit me
for the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhymes
and since i aint wholesome
they want to put a young brother in folsom
theyd rather see me on lockdown
but i come up foul then they get knocked out, word
to the brother that rolls the herb
everybody else getting knocked to the curb like that
jinx got the gat, and its a fact
hell kick a funky beat to peel your cap
now whos the mack?
whos the ho?
whos the trick?
i got many, many styles, wont you take a pick?
but dont be alarmed
when i trip and stumble and fumble
and drop the (rewind)
drop the bomb






im solo, you ask how im living
still dropping more shit than a pigeon
with the l, the e, the n, the c, the h
the m, the o, the b, the great
lyrics that make the beat swing and i gotcha
its the hiphopper that dont like coppers
and if you try to upset the pot son
you get kicked in the chest like a shotgun
i make the beats, i make the breaks
i make the rhymes that make you shake
make you find
ice cube never caught in the middle
i make stuff to kick you in the ass a little
and still never hesitate to stutter step
or bust a repitition on the mic
still dissing all the hype
from left to right
how many left to fight?
so what that lench mob like?