"good evening this is los angeles, a city with many claims on america, including this one: it is now the gang capital of the nation last year alone there were 452 gangrelated murders in the greater los angeles area and well see if there is anything that can be done about all of this"
its just another fella dead
its just another fella dead


peace!?  dont make me laugh!
all i hear is motherfuckers rappin succotash
livin large, tellin me to get out the gang
im a fella, gotta live by the trigga
how the fuck do you figgure?
that i can say peace and the gunshots will cease?!
every cop killer goes ignored
they just send another fella to the morgue!
a point scored they could give a fuck about us
they rather catch us with guns and white powder!
if i was old, theyd probably be a friend of me
since im young, they consider me the enemy!
they kill ten of me to get the job correct
to serve, protect, and break a fellas neck
cause im the one with the trunk of funk
and "fuck tha police" in the tape deck
you should listen to me cause theres more to see
call my neighborhood a ghetto cause it houses minorities
the other color dont know you can run but not hide
these are tales from the darkside…


endangered species
its just another fella dead
endangered species
all of us are endangered, damn


you wanna free africa, i stare at yuh
cause we aint got it too good in america
i cant fuck with them overseas
my homeboy died over a key of cocaine
it was plain and simple
the 9mm went (gunshot sound) to the temple
(gunshot sound) (gunshot sound) was the sound i put the bitch down
and ran to the schoolyard bathroom
looked in the trash can, yo it had room
so i ducked my ass in it for a minute!
covered with trash i had to lay back
mad as fuck!
thinkin about the payback
tonight the crew gonna have a little fun
i went home and cut the barrel of my shotgun
its gettin critical  i stole a 50
i let it go  drive real slow
i yelled out ice cube sucka
the shotgun kicked  and it murdered motherfuckers
i told you last album
when i got a sawedoff, bodies are hauled off
its a shame, that fellas die young
but to the light side it dont matter none
itll be a drive by homicide
but to me its just another tale from the darkside…


wipe out (its all under control)
i told you to look out!
shut up!
yo, chuck, these honey drippers are still frontin on us
show em that we can do this cause we always knew this
haha, yeah, boy!


standing in the middle of war
in the middle we flex
when we die, we wont make jet
ebony cant see to the lightside
the term they apply to us is a fella
call it what you want, cause im comin’ from the corner
same applies with a phd
whos black  dont wanna roll  sells his soul
watch his head go rollin’
who the fuck are they foolin’?
nobody knows, but i suppose the color of my clothes
matches the color of the one on my face
as they wonder whats under my waist
(standin on the verge) of them gettin’ brown
thats a fact
got a fear of the bozack
run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide
yet cube, they cant fuck with the
darkside!
endangered species
its just another fella dead




1234567890




wait a minute, hold on, get your ass up
whassup fella?
get over there shit
ya lil punk ass fella
cmere, cmere, cmere boy
god damnit you stop that shit now
take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house
now wait a minute, wait a minute, hey man
whassup?
wait a minute?
there are police, go!


give me that beat, fool, its a full time jack move
chilly chill, yo homie make the track move
and ill jack any tom, dick and hank
thats the name of the suckers i done ganked
i get away from a copper
drop a dime, ill break you off somethin proper
with the lenchmob
tbone and thats jdee
and heres how well greet ya
stop fool, come off that beat ya
feel dumb cause youre caught in the dark
(ya lil nuttin ass mark)
raise up, cause you cant have it back
you said  "i aint never got gaffled like that"
off the end of the gat you choke
short dogs in the house  "whattup loc?"
nuttin but a come up
gimme that bass, and dont try to run up
cause youll get banked somethin sweet
ice cube and da lench mob, is jackin for beats


huh, and even if youre down with my crew
*yo chuck man, i dont understand this man
you got to slow down*
i jack them too
and then well freak it
kick that bass, and look what we did
fade the grade, played, and made a few mil
and i keep stealin
ice cubell make it thump
but right about now  *lets get over the hump*
but i dont party and shake my butt
i leave that to the brothers with the funny haircuts
and itll drive you nuts
steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch
like jackin and mackin
say hi to the three fiftyseven im packin
and it sounds so sweet
ice cube and da lench mob, is jackin for beats


ice cube, i take a funky beat and reshape it
locate a dope break, and then i break it
and give it that gangsta lean
dead in your face as i turn up the bass
i make punk suckers run and duck because
i dont try to hide cause you know that i love to
jack a fool for his beat and then im outtie
so when i come to your town dont crowd me
cause i know, youre gonna wanna kick it with me
but i know, none of yall can get with me
so you think youre protected
well you are til you put a funky beat on a record
then i have to show and prove and use your groove
cause suckers cant fade the cube
and if i jack ya and ya keep comin
i have you marks a hundred miles and runnin


*stop stop stop stop stop!
saprize, fellas*




1234567890




stay off his dick!


fella, some dont think i can flow, so here we go
to a new track, to show the wack, that i can throw
styles that show up, i blow up and blast here
fellas still tripping off the shit i said last year
about a bitch is a bitch is a ho is a slut
and i dont like fellas on my nuts!
so i dedicate this one to the groupie
and the charlie, all on my snoopy
brothers keep askin, "ice cube yo when will you bust"
they surround me and make a big fuss
now i was taught, back on my block
that you dont ride on nobodys jock
for anything they do, fuck him and his crew
unless, you were gettin paid too!
im not saying this to diss each and every fan
women you can ride; men, be a man!
shake my hand, and make it a firm shake
say, "whattup ice cube?" and then break
cause if youre hanging near imma tell you loud and clear
get off my my dick, fella, and tell your bitch to come here


motherfucker, back up off me
im not signing no autographs, im not giving no free tshirts
and im not having none of this bullshit youre talking
youknowhatimsayin?




i step into the club to rubadub
it seems like all the little foxs fall in love
with my money, cause yo about a year ago
i was just your ordinary average everyday crazy ass broke
but you know, i just cant be equal
cause they know i know a lot of famous people
but to a onenight stand, theres no sequel
heres the pickle, pretend its a popsicle
see, for a fat booty, i do damage
they think im a star, so i take advantage
its just another ice cube groupie fest
shes a ho cause they knew her at the front desk
told her to meet me at the room 110
and the bitch showed up with her boyfriend
i let him in, all he could do was grin
he had a camera, a tshirt, a pad and pen
he said, "yo, ice cube, can you sign this?"
i only did it cause his bitch was the finest
she blew me a kiss and gave a bitter frown
like, "how can we get rid of this clown?"
me and her sat down, he got a little jealous
cause his punk ass sat in the middle of us
and he asked me question after question
it felt like a motherfucking interview session
then his girl got up, i heard the door shut
and he was still there, swinging from my nuts
i said, "get the fuck out!" and made it loud and clear
get off my dick, fella, and tell your bitch to come here


i see me about ten mark ass motherfucking fans
knock on the door, talking about whassup?


yo man, it was about a hundred and twenty dicks man
fellas start, fellas coming out of hotel rooms
without no bitches!


they can get gaffled like they in a motherfucking raffle
punk ass


yo, i respect the respectable
if your girl is all on my dick, check the ho
say, "yeah that fella he can rap fly
but you know, stars are up in the sky"
cause all i got is hard dick and bubblegum
just ran out my last stick is where im coming from
im not telling you to diss mr ice cube
cause you know, im the one that can show and prove
now groupie girls, i just make em wait
but the groupie boys, i cant tolerate
i hate it so much, imma start giving stitches
to the fellas thats staring like bitches
cause im not a fairy, a mary or a faggot
gimme the eye, ill fly, and tag it
now you see? jocking aint healthy
cause you think that im young and im wealthy
with juice, so i see you try to run behind
but imma tell you, punk, you gets none of mine
cause i was taught, see a fool, use a fool
by the fellas who terrorized the old school
so dont try me or buy me a beer
just stay off my dick, fella




1234567890




(are you ready?)
(fuck that, ice cube coming back at you with another motherfucking bomb)




i was told, cause i didnt witness the whole act
in and out was the movement of the bozack
it was hot and sweaty and lots of pushin
then the nut came gushin
and it was hell trying to bail to the ovary
with nothing but the lord lookin over me
i was white with a tail
but when i reached the finish line, young black male!
one cell made two, and two cells made fo
and so on, so now im a embryo
then i got a hunch
that imma be on lockdown, for nine months
chillin, with my mother to guide me
and nuttin but a stomach to hide me
from all that worry and bullshit
nine months later, i elbow pull and kick
cause my time is up and i dont care
with one big push, im outta there
june 15th, its just my luck
in 1969, a fella is the product


(ghettoass fella, you aint shit
and you aint gon never be shit!)




i learned how to walk and talk and all that
they put me in school, but it dont matter
cause im sitting in history
learning bout a sucker, who didnt give a fuck about me
they try to shape us
but i know uncle sam is a motherfucking rapist
so i stopped paying attention
ice cube, headed, straight to detention
fuck that shit, i roam the hallways
im sent home and i dont got all as
a high school dropout
my father had beef so i tried to knock pops out
but i got tossed, hes the boss
im out of there and mad cause i lost
now being on my own is a factor
so i become, the neighborhood jacker
gimme your car, run your jewels
making a living robbing fools
and if i let my nine rang out
you know, itll make your brains hang out
so whats your fate?
am i the fella you love, or the one you love to hate?
the wrong answer is said, the fella fled
i pump lead, now hes in a puddle of red
and if you got a buck, youre shit out of luck
stuck up by the motherfucking product


(uhuh motherfucker you gots to get a job
if you wanna stay in my motherfucking house)


(many young men reject the traditional values
that are important to their parents
church, school and family
have been replaced by street, turf, and gang)




twentyone now, and paid in full
feeling bad, from all the shit i pulled
on people back in the day
plus, i got a little baby on the way
so im trying to go straight
im with my babys momma, out on a date
til the punk ass cops ran my plate
now im on a bus upstate
"oh, the young fella done caught a case!"
(eating in the mess hall, saying my grace)
sent to a concrete hohouse
where all the products go, no doubt
yo momma, i gotta do eleven
living in a fivebyseven
dear baby, your mans getting worn out
of seeing young boys getting they assholes torn out
and then he got shanked with a spoon
and he was supposed to get out soon
is it my fault, he was caught in production
where a young black life means nothin
just because, i didnt want to learn your grammar
you say im better off in the slammer
and its driving me batty
cause my little boy, is missing daddy
im ashamed, but the fact is
i wish pops let me off on the mattress
or should i just hang from the top bunk
but thats going out like a punk
my life is fucked
but it aint my fault, cause im the motherfucking product
(he aint shit)




1234567890






up early in the morning, dressed in black
dont ask why? cause im down in a suit and tie
they killed a homie that i went to school with (damn!)
i tell ya life aint shit to fool with
i still hear the screams from his mother
while my fella laid dead in the gutter (shit!)
and its getting to my temple
why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo?
it makes me so mad i want to get my sawedoff
and have some bodies hauled off
but no, i pay my respects and im through
hug my crew, (whaddup cube?) and maybe shed a tear or two
then i wanna get blitzed
grab my 40 ounce and then i reminisce
about a brother who had to be the one and only
so i dedicate this to my dead homiez


another homie got murdered on a shakedown {3 gun shots}
and his mother is at the funeral, havin a nervous breakdown
two shots hit him in the face when they blasted {2 gun shots}
a framed picture and a closed casket
a single file line about 50 cars long
all driving slow with they lights on
he got a lot of flowers and a big wreath
what good is that when youre six feet deep?
i look at that shit and gotta think to myself
and thank god for my health
cause nobody really ever know it
when its gonna be they family on the front row
so i take everything slow, go with the flow
and shut my motherfuckin mouth if i dont know(word!)
cause thats what pops told me
but i wish he could have said itto my dead homiez


i remember we painted our names on the wall for fun
now its "rest in peace" after every one
except me, but i aint the one to front
seems like im viewin a body after every month
plus, i knew him when he was yea big
pour beer on the curb before i take a swig
but somethin aint right
when its a tragedy, thats the only time that the familys tight
lovin each other in a caring mood
theres lots of people and lots of food
they say "be strong" and youre tryin
but how strong can you be when you see your pops cryin?
so thats why ice cubes dressed up
because the city is so fuckin messed up
and everybody is so phony
take a little timeto think about your dead homiez




1234567890




police eat a dick straight up, you know why?
i got jacked just the other night
this motherfucker gonna tell me, what im doin walkin in the streets?
man, what the fuck you mean what im doin walkin in the streets?
you gonna buy me a motherfuckering car?
everytime i try to steal one, you take me to jail
so what the fuck you talk about a fella like me strugglin to stride?
fella walkin in the streets at night is like committin suicide
so what the fuck is next?
im tired of this motherfucking shit
fellas poppin off the mob, talking about im the fella you love to hate bitch! back up off my tip
for the simple fact; youre only like a gnat on a dogs dick…




1234567890




once again its on, the fella you love to hate
ice cubes in the motherfucking house
yo, i wanna say whats up to the fellas from the lench mob
jd, tbone, shorty, del, yo
sir jinx, chill, dazzie dee, and k dee, yo
and the rest of the mobs in the house yeah
{herd em up}
i wanna say whats happening to my man, afrika bambaataa
and the mighty zulu nation, yo
i gotta give a shout out to the public enemy
yo, yall motherfuckers in the house
{who stole the soul}
and the fellas thats handlin business, epmd
yo i wanna say whats up to uncle l, ll cool j
the fellas from x clan, yo
i gotta say whats up to digital underground and humpty hump
cause he makin more than donald trump, you know what im sayin, yo
i gotta say whats up to the fellas thats payin dues, low profile
{wcs in the house}
and that big ballin ass fella named king tee
dj pooh, and the fellas thats droppin bombs on your ass
the motherfuckin bomb squad
{eric sadler }
mmm, i gotta say whats up to big daddy kane, yeah
and the rhyme, the rhyme syndicate yo
and to the fellas that can slang them dolls, king sun, yo
i gotta say whats happenin to my girl yo yo
shes stompin to the motherfuckin 90s, yeah
and the ibwc
my man mac, yeah, yo
and to the mackaframalama motherfuckers
dont laugh foxs, im down with the afros, yo
i wanna say whats happenin to the triggerhappy, motherfuckin geto boys
{in the motherfuckin house!}
run dmc and jam master jay
stetsasonic, and onetime gaffled em up, cmw, yo
i gotta say whats happenin to my west coast homeboy
icemotherfuckint, yeah
and my man from otown, too $horts in the motherfuckin house
{biiiiitch!}
my man from the east coast, busy bee, yeah
the fella from my block
king ronny ron, ddougs, and my man stretch
and you know that street knowledge is givin the punch, yeah
i gotta say whats happenin to my manager
pat charbonnet, and you know she dont play
and my fella, the only fella {whos that?}
sir jinx in the motherfuckin house, yeah
and to all the motherfuckers i forgot
yall aint did shit anyway! yo
this is dedicated to the fellas that was down from day one
ice cube in the motherfuckin house
comin at your ass with a gangsta lean
fall of 1990 style, you know what im sayin?
{we outta here }
five thousand g
[phone:]
yo, ice cube man since you went solo, whats up with the rest of the ? [abrupt end]
[operator:]
if you need help, hang up and dial your operator