aint nobody talkin when im talkin fellas, so shut the fuck up! the following items you place in the envelope as i call em off an empty wallet, legal paperwork first three, out of the tank!


line up, single file on the bench, lets go! open your mouths, stick out your tongue alright, do your ears, one at a time okay, bend your heads over, shake em out with your fingers hands above your head, hands out in front of you over move those fingers reach down and lift up your nutsacks drop your nutsacks and skin back your dick turn around one foot at a time, pick it up and wiggle the toes other foot bend over, grab your ass, spread your cheeks and give me two good coughs!


1234567890987654321




"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"


goddamn, another fuckin payback with a twist
the motherfuckers shot but the punks missed
ice cube is outgunned, what is the outcome?
will they do me like malcolm?
cause i bust styles, new styles
standin strong, while others run a hundred miles
but i never run, never will
deal with the devil with my motherfuckin steel  boom!
media tried to do me
but i was a boy in the hood before the movie, yeah
call me fella, bigot, and a spook
but you the one that voted for duke, motherfucker
white man is somethin i tried to study
but i got my hands bloody, yeah
they said i could sing like a jaybird
but fella, dont say the jword
i thought they was buggin
cause to us, uncle sam is hitler without an oven
burnin our black skin
buy my neighborhood, then push the crack in
doin us wrong from the first day
and dont understand why a fella got an ak
callin me an africanamerican
like everything is fair again, shit
devil, you got to get the shit right
im black, blacker than a trillion midnights
"dont believe the hype" was said in 88 by the great chuck d
now theyre tryin to fuck me!




"with no vaseline
just a match and a little bit of gasoline" (huh!)


its a great day for genocide (whats that?)
thats the day all the fellas died
they killed jfk in 63
so what the fuck you think theyll do to me?
but im the og and i bust back (boom, boom!)
bust back (boom, boom!), peel a cap (boom, boom!)
gimme room in the fire of the sun
here the mack come, here the black come, watch jack run!
motherfuckers cant gank me
fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a yankee
overrun and punk the presidency
if it means that im down with opp, yeah!
i met farrakhan and had dinner
now you ask if im a five percenter? well
no, but i go where the brothers go
down with compton mosque, number 54
made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow
did ice cube sell out? you say, "hell no!"
a black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen
so could you please stop bitchin?




"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
yeah, yeah
"but when will they shoot?"
"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
yeah, yeah
"but when will they shoot?"
(*gunshots*)


you missed, and didnt hit da lench mob, either
guerrillas in tha mist without jungle fever
but i got the fever for the flavor of a cracker, not a pringle
bust the single, heres my new jingle:
"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
the kkk has got threepiece suits
usin fellas like turkey shoots
my motto is, "treat em like a prostitute!"
now if i say no violence, devil, you wont respect mine
fuck the dumb shit and get my tec9 (yeah!)
and if they approach us
i, i  i bury those cockroaches
and if you cant deal with my kill at will
heres a new gift to get, try my death certificate
amerikkkas most, americas burnt, its like toast
like jordan, im goin coast to coast
dribblin the funk, here comes the fella with the motherfuckin monster dunk
get off me, punk!




"jordan"
"watch jordan!
ayo, cube, watch jordan"
"yes!"
you better eat your wheaties"


"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
yeah, yeah
"but when will they shoot?"
"stalkin, walkin in my big black boots"
yeah, yeah
"but when will they shoot?"


daryl gates got the studio surrounded
cause he dont like the fellas that im down with
motherfucker wanna do us
cause i like nat, huey, malcolm, and louis
most got done by a black mans bullet
give a trigger to a fella and watch him pull it
negro assassin
ima dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo ass in
when they shoot, no, it wont be a cracker
they use somebody much blacker
what i do? i called up the geto boy crew
cause my minds playin tricks on me, too (yeah)
never died, surround my crib
and foi makin sure nobody creep when i sleep
keep a nine millimeter in my jeep (what?)
peep when i roll, i gots to roll deep
aint goin out cheap
met the maad circle on cypress hill cause its so steep
theyll never get me, theyll never hit me
motherfuck that shit, jdee
now im relaxed
grab the st ides brew so i can max
sittin by the window cause its so fuckin hot
and then i heard a shot (boom!)


12345678904309876512


i was raised to be whiteblack, i was raised to be equal to anyone listening to you, you are so prejudiced, i just cant believe it! i am shocked! youre scaring me!


what is he saying that you have a problem with?
what is he saying that you have a problem with?


what scares us is i think we hear violence


i think you dont know what the fuck it is you talkin about!


im so scared to go out in the world next year, because i was never a prejudice person until listening to you, its really scary hearing what youre saying, im very scared!


what is he saying that you have a problem with?
what is he saying that you have a problem with?


what scares us is i think we hear violence


i think you dont know what the fuck it is you talkin about!




theyre saying questions about us fearing, white people fearing, you know, what will the black folks do and stuff, we should be running down the streets, screaming and ranting and raving cause when you look at the statistics, who is the one dying? from the policemen? from the kkk? from the skinheads?


what scares us is i think we hear violence


what is he saying that you have a problem with? and why is it when a black man stands up to speak for his people, and all the people stand up to speak for their people, theres no problem with it?


but you saying he said "black", he said "jew"
when people talk, they talk like that


but why is it, when a black man stands up to speak for his people, you feel so threatened? everybodys paranoid?


and you talk about black segregation? we live in harlem and we live in watts we live in bedford–stuyvesant thats a form of segregation we walk through bensonhurst we get killed so what are you talking about?


1234567890987654321




now dis one dedicated to di man dem call macgyver (buck)
and all doubleohseven james bond spy man is from di area (gunshot, gunshot)
maximum respect to di man dem call ice cube (buck, buck)
him nah bust no deucedeuce, no treyeight, but fourfour, wicked (right)
uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked
uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked


one, two, three and i come with the wicked
style, and you know that im from, the wicked
crew, act like you knew
cause i got everybody jumpin to the voodoo, kick it
wicked rhymes, picket signs
while me and the mob gotta trunk full of nines
play ya and ill slay ya
i got the mayor by the hair
ready to buck, buck, buck and its a must
to duck, duck, duck before i bust
lookin for the one that did it
but like en vogue, no, youre never gonna get it
cause im the one with the fat mad skills
and i wont choke like the buffalo bills
sittin at the pad just chillin
cause larry parker just got two million, oh what a feelin (so)
shake that fella and pass me the pill
and ill slam dunk ya like shaquille oneal
like it, dig it, maybe, and watch that test tube baby
kick it, cause i get wicked




you know dem wicked, ice cube and torcha chamba sound
yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
my name is don jagwarr and ice cube we run di town (wicked)


look at the way i kick it, im wicked
buck (wicked, wicked man)
look at the way i kick it, im wicked
buckbuck (wicked), buck (wicked man), buckbuck


dont say nothin, just listen
got me a plan to break tyson outta prison
come my way and get served
still got a deuce thatll bunny hop the curb
nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin
never seen with a happy grin
show the fat frown cause im down
take a look around
all you see is big black boots steppin
use my steel toe as a weapon
kick ya and flip ya, now they want to
label this fella tape with the sticker
diggin out girls thats nicety
plus i got a body count like icet
from here to new york
i get skins and aint talkin bout pork
swine, pig, dig
listen to the flow of a socalled negro
who didnt know i was funky as wilson pickett
dig it, cause i get wicked




ice cube and torcha chamba sound
yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
my name is don jagwarr and ice cube we run di town (wicked)


look at the way i kick it, im wicked
buck (wicked, wicked man), buckbuck
look at the way i kick it, im wicked
buck (wicked, wicked man)


people wanna know how come
i got a gat and im lookin out the window like malcolm
ready to bring that noise
kinda trigger happy like the geto boys
april 29th brought power to the people
and we might just see a sequel, cause
police got equal hate
a chazzers a pig that dont fly straight
through with daryl gates but is willie williams
down with the pilgrims?
just a super slave
well have to break his ass up like super dave
im wicked enough to pull this
cause now its on to the fullest
gorilla straight from the mist
but i dont miss when it comes to (uh) this
bring the yellow tape
the white cape, cause im so straight
through with the picket signs
take this job and stick it, bigot, cause i get wicked




wicked man (haha, oh)
hear the— hear the—
hear the— wicked man
hear the drummer get wicked


yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus pick up di mic
yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus put down di gun
yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, cause we run di town
dem wicked, dem wicked, cause we run di town


yes, dem wicked, gwaan
back wha, seen, den di one dem call ice cube
international superstar don gorgon style (buck)
way back in brooklyn, inside of los angeles, south central style
torcha chambas (buck), dem run the country (maximum respect)
and my name is don jagwarr, we are the top celebrity seen
because we wicked, we wicked, we pick up di mics
yes, we wicked, we wicked, we put down di guns
yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, but we run di town
wicked man


1234567890987654321




ayo cube, there go that motherfucker right there
no shit? watch this
hey, wassup man
not too much man
you know you won, g
won what?
the wet tshirt contest, motherfucker!
*gunfire*




its on like donkey kong
you wanted that fast buck
now i gotta light that ass up
the fella with the big fat trigger
dont test me, gravedigger had to take a swig
of the st, remember the time we first met up?
you threw your set up, now you gotta get wet up
boom! ping! buck! pow!
now, whos that fella with the different style?
uhh, ya wanted ta trip
its all about the clip and who can empty it
first mate, they made day ak
and ill kurtis blow yo ass away like aj
im almost certain im put on the hurting
bitch, its curtains!
locked in my motherfucking head
gotta play connectthedots with my infrared
you in danger, mr gangbanger
it aint cool to take candy from a stranger
witcha drivebys, it took time to catch ya
but now i gotta wetcha!




now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
im comin ta getcha (getcha)
you better hope i dont catch ya (catch ya)
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger


simi valley for the kkk rally
a place on the map where the order is
those devils can beat up a motorist
and get nothing but a slap on the wrist
gorillas, gorillas report to the mist
the fist of fury, ima shove em
motherfuck the jury and who ever love em
why you have to leave it to beaver?
now im chasing beaver ass with a cleaver
with the swing, swing, swing and chop, chop, chop
get the mop, fella
cause tonight we having chopped liver
and ima cut outcha heart
start the frying pan for the devil à la carte
twelve motherfuckers ya better be glad i never metcha
cause im gonna wetcha!






now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
im comin ta getcha (getcha)
you better hope i dont catch ya (catch ya)
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger




now wet motherfuckers are bloody
cause a bulletll mold your ass like silly putty
white in the shape
a hollow pointll run up in ya like ya got raped
coming outcha back, mr mack
now they got yo guts in a sack
used to have ya crew real fat in a huddle
now youre wet in a puddle
here is the ice cube rebuttal
you aint got a chance, cause even if my bullet just glance
ya still wet your pants
so whatcha wanna do when i gotcha ass pointblank?
ya guaranteed to spank
stiff as a board, ya floored
go on, meet the lord and then get ignored
cause youre on your way to hell and that i can betcha
thats why i had to wetcha!




now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
now i gotta wetcha (wetcha)
im comin ta getcha (getcha)
you better hope i dont catch ya (catch ya)
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
(youre all wet) the fella with the big fat trigger
the fella with the big fat trigger
the fella with the big fat trigger
the fella with the big fat trigger
the fella with the big fat trigger




1234567890987654321




"theres no stopping what cant be stopped no killing what cant be killed"
theres something out there waiting for us (hahaha!)
theres something out there waiting for us (hahaha!)


you can run but you cant hide
from the westside night stalker, shit talker
run and tell them its the lm
fella with the gat, and im back
off the everyday prey that i slay
rolling with a fo, chase ya through south central
monkeywrench ho should know that, shell get the bozack
cause im not starving, but fuck that johnny carson ho
never had me on the late night show
coming with the shit thatll hit
"steady mobbin" cause the flavors good
there goes the neighborhood
fella with the third album; how come he dont fall off?
rolling with the sawedoff gauge
turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture
but you know anita, she can get the peter
eat em up, yum, and youre floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; here comes the predator!


yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back (theres something out there waiting for us)
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back (theres something out there waiting for us)






check your head for the new style
fuck laurence powell and briseno, wind and koon, pretty soon
well fuck them like they fucked us and wont kiss em
riots aint nothing but diets for the system
fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace
if any, even if we fuck up denny
fellas are sick of your white man tricks with no treat
thats right; now its on, on sight
you call me a muslim, no, im not a resident
still got my vote in—farrakhan for president
of white america, im tearing ya a new asshole
whos the fella with the new black
strolling to your suburb house and i douse
with gas, now whos cleaning up trash?
eat em up, yum, and youre floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; here comes the predator!


yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out (here comes the predator!)
(theres something out there waiting for us)


got my black rag showing, and im hoin; ira reiner
can kiss my grits like flo, on "mels diner"
im meaner than a motherfucking hyena chasing antelope
put my chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a cantaloupe
i cant stand a rope, so dont try to hang em
talk about dogs; boy, i can slang em!
ratatattat on your noggin
cause icell cream your ass like häagendazs
chocolate, i get crazy when i catch wreck
even be flipping the tongue like dadiggitydung dasefx
so who is ice cube? im a rapper, actor, macker
got a little problem with the redneck cracker, did the tallywacker
jerry heller is a devil shitpacker
coming with a crazy pitch
and the statue of liberty aint nothing but a lazy bitch!
dont wanna give up the crack, to the black
but youll call it racial, if we go and rape the fox
but eat em up, yum, and youre floored
motherfuck billboard and the editor; i am the predator!




yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out, but ill be back
yo, im out (hahahaha!)


"they indicated, that when trapped, the creature activated a selfdestruct device that destroyed enough rainforest to cover three hundred city blocks"






1234567890987654321




break em
shit
ah
yeah
yeah
yeah
uh


just wakin up in the mornin, gotta thank god
i dont know, but today seems kinda odd
no barkin from the dog, no smog
and mama cooked the breakfast with no hog (damn)
i got my grub on, but didnt pig out
finally got a call from a girl i wanna dig out (whats up?)
hooked it up for later as i hit the door
thinkin, "will i live another twentyfour?"
i gotta go cause i got me a droptop
and if i hit the switch, i can make the ass drop
had to stop at a red light
lookin in my mirror, not a jacker in sight
and everything is alright
i got a beep from kim, and she can fuck all night
called up the homies and im askin yall
"which park are yall playin basketball?"
get me on the court and im trouble
last week, fucked around and got a tripledouble
freakin fellas every way like mj
i cant believe today was a good day (shit)




drove to the pad and hit the showers
didnt even get no static from the cowards
cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
saw the police and they rolled right past me
no flexin, didnt even look in a fellas direction
as i ran the intersection
went to short dogs house, they was watchin yo! mtv raps
whats the haps on the craps?
shake em up, shake em up, shake em up, shake em
roll em in a circle of fellas
and watch me break em with the seven, seveneleven, seveneleven
seven, even back door little joe
i picked up the cash flow
then we played bones, and im yellin, "domino"
plus nobody i know got killed in south central la​ 
today was a good day (shit)


left my fellas house paid (word)
picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
its ironic, i had the brew, she had the chronic
the lakers beat the supersonics
i felt on the big fat fanny
pulled out the jammy and killed the punani
and my dick runs deep, so deep
so deep, put her ass to sleep
woke her up around one
she didnt hesitate to call ice cube the top gun (yeah)
drove her to the pad and im coastin
took another sip of the potion, hit the threewheel motion
i was glad everything had worked out (uh)
dropped her ass off and then chirped out
today was like one of those fly dreams
didnt even see a berry flashin those high beams
no helicopter lookin for a murder
two in the mornin, got the fatburger
even saw the lights of the goodyear blimp
and it read, "ice cubes a pimp" (yeah)
drunk as hell, but no throwin up
halfway home and my pager still blowin up
today i didnt even have to use my ak
i gotta say, it was a good day (shit)




ayy, wait, wait a minute, pooh, stop this shit
what the fuck am i thinkin about?




1234567890987654321




"peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city to the best of our ability riots, melees and disturbances of the peace are against the interests of all our people and therefore, cannot be permitted"
("the jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty")
"weve been told that all along crenshaw boulevard, that theres a series of fires a lot of looting is going on a disaster area, obviously"
("the jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty")
make it rough!
("a lot of activity continues here at this command post")
[cube] make it rough!
("we have sporadic fires, throughout the city of los angeles")


not guilty, the filthy, devils tried to kill me
when the news get to the hood the fellas will be
hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust
kickin up dust is a must
i cant trust, a cracker in a blue uniform
stick a fella like a unicorn
born, wicked, laurence, powell, foul
cut his fuckin throat and i smile
go to simi valley and surely
somebody knows the address of the jury
pay a little visit, "who is it?" (ohh its ice cube)
"can i talk to the grand wizard," then boom!!
make him eat the barrel, modern day feral
now hes zipped up like leather tuscadero
pretty soon well catch sergeant koon
shoot him in the face, run up in him with a broom
stick, prick, devils aint shit
introduce his ass to the ak40 dick
two days fellas layed in the cut
to get some respect, we had to tear this muthafucka up!




"wrong fella to fuck with!"
make it rough!
"wrong fella to fuck with!"




i got a mac10 for officer wind
damn, his devil ass need to be shipped back to kansas
in a casket, crew cut faggot
now he aint nothing but food for the maggots
lunch, punch, hawaiian, lying
fellas aint buying, ya story, bore me
tearing shit up with fire, shooters, looters
now i got a laptop computer
i told you it would happen, and you heard it, read it
but all you can call me was antisemitic
regret it? nope, said it? yep
listen to my big black boots as i step
fellas had to break you off something, give bush a push
but your national guard aint hard
you had to get rodney to stop me, cause you know what?
we woulda to this muthafucka up!




"wrong fella to fuck with!"
make it rough!
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
ayy muggs, make it rough!
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"






its on, "gone with the wind"
and i know white men cant dunk
now im stealing blunts and a cake from betty crocker
orville reddenbacher
dont fuck with the blackowned stores
but hit the foot lockers
steal, motherfuck fire marshall bill
oh, what the hell? throw the cocktail, i smell smoke
got the fuck out, ice cube lucked out
my fella had his truck out, didnt get stuck out
in front of that store with the nikes and adidas
oh jesus, western surplus got the heaters
meet us, so we can get the 9s and the whatnots
got the mossberg with the doubleeyed buckshot
ready for darryl, and like baretta would say
keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow
"dont do the crime if you cant do the time"
but im rolling, so thats a fuckedup slogan
the hogans, heroes, spotted the guerilla by the sizzler
hitting up police killer
the superduper fella thatll buck
we had to tear this muthafucka up, so what the fuck?!




"wrong fella to fuck with!"
huh, make it rough!
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
yo muggs, make it rough
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
huh, make it rough
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
enough!
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"
"wrong fella to fuck with!"




"not guilty verdicts for stacey koon, laurence powell, timothy
wind and theodore briseno: the four officers accused of beating
motorist rodney king"




1234567890987654321




please welcome oshea jackson, better known as ice cube!
how you doin?


how you doin?




good to see you!
well known that the crips and the bloods are allegedly coming together
yeah, youve been a lot in the media lately than other rappers wed mentioned earlier, cube, that uhm
you know? you have been labelled a lot of things
what do you say to the people when they accuse you of being antisemitic (fuck em!), uh, antikorean (fuck em!), and basically a perpetrator of violence because of your lyrics? what do you say to them? (fuck em!)
and probably the reason why they say that its because some of the lyrics where
you refer to women as bitches and foxs, and all that
i wanna talk a little bit about that, too
because we sort of had a discussion about this last time and (yeah!)
–so and brothers, uhm folks walkin around, totin guns, uhm
all that kinda stuff, do you think that sometimes those images and those lyrics
help white folks justify their continual racism against us, or continues racism against us? (nah!)




ii speakin a perspective as uh brothers on
what we need to do is look in the mirror
ii, i do want the white community to understand our community more
and see whats going on, and see what what, uhthe things theyve done to us in the past
are still affectin us now mentally, you know?
and the reason i said its because, i mean everything i said about, uh, uhm you know?
everything i said on records before the riots, you know? uhh (ahem!)
anything you want to know about the riots
was in the records before the riots! all you had to do was go
to the ice cube library and, and, and


in, in, in




pick a record and it would have told you
you know? ive given warnings




so in other words, its almost like a warwarning or prophecy?




iive, ive given
ive given so many warnings on whats going to happen
if we dont get these, uh
these, these things straight in our lives, the clashes thethen, you know?
armageddon isisis near! ehheh! [beat stops]


this here
these words all about money


1234567890987654321






dirty mack!




theres a new girl on my street
and ima introduce her to my meat
told my homeboy i was scoping, hoping
to crack them legs wide open
ready to break that thang in half
hit it with the shaft
take a bath and im out, yeah
better keep the trojan
and if the sex was good, still be the foxs friend
fucked around and told my plan to the man
sitting next to the goddamn man
how was i to know son
that the negro would run and tell the 411
with a big fat grin
talking about all the foxs that i ran up in, huh
broke a fella plan like dishes
cause now the bitch is getting suspicious
she know i fuck foxs outta habit
who framed cube? mothafuck roger rabbit
cause i couldnt have and got stabbed in the back
by a black ass dirty mack




and if you didnt know its like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
yeah fella you didnt you know it was like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack




there goes the billboard, pull it
and see if im still #1 with a bullet
what the fuck do i see?
it looks like the predator
is gettin dissed by the editor
look, the vanilla wafer caper
is to lynch a fella on paper
but im much too black for the god damn cracker
huh! dirty macker
even the guardian angels got mental
but never seen their ass walking through south central
little superhero dont let me catch ya
i fuck around and wetcha
tryna dirty mack me out
tryna take food out my kids mouth
youre lucky that my people are stronger than your evil
or your ass woulda got the heave, fox
out the do, the 187 tags still on your toe
so act like you know
that fella thats known to jack
devils in little red hats
motherfuckin dirty macks






and if you didnt know its like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
yeah fella you didnt you know it was like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack (yeah)




dont come the og way with that he say she say
bitch, hit the freeway, dirty macks get tossed
cause ill fuck around, and jump your ass like kris kross
just might blast, snake in the grass
get a shank up the ass
found in a trunk of funk
pale and stiff as a philly blunt
what more do you want you done fucked up the plot
and deserve just what you got
cause im hotter than tobasco
you little ass fox
now i gotta do you like glass joe
tko now you see they fall on canvas
cause you scandalous
dont know who the man is
ice cubea jack
the wack ass dirt mack




and if you didnt know its like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
yo savage didnt you know it was like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
i suppose you dont know its like that
i got a big fat gat for the dirty mack…


123456789087654321




who do i trust?
me! thats who!




you cant trust a big butt and a smile
no, thats the old style
in [91], shit aint quite the same
bitches got a brand new game, yo
its kinda hard to see
but the dating game aint what it used to be
back in the day, if a ho wanted ya dough
she give you a piece of ass and there we go
go and get knocked up, and then she get socked up
you be broke and locked up
but the news done hit
bitches all over on some new, improved shit
to all yall macks
come to find out that bitches are pulling jacks
i remember every night all you had to worry about
was getting caught at a red light
and a fella jack you for your dana dane’s
now shit done changed
cause you gots to watch the ones in the skirt
and it aint about getting burnt
i know it sounds strange
but could you stop thinking with ya dick for a change?
cause youll get a bullet in your brain, mr rich
and about that bitch, dont trust em!






(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
dont trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
you cant trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
dont trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
you cant trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch!)




heres how the bitches jack:
they try to catch a dumb fella in the act
you came to the club, stepped to the bar
and pulled out a wad of dubs
after you got buzzed, she walk by
you saw how big her ass was
got her on the dance floor
and she started dancing like a fox
jimmy got stiff, she aint have a ride home
so you gave the bitch a lift
she didnt wanna trouble you
but hopped her big ass in your bmw
hopped to her house and started kissing
and jimmy just wouldnt listen
cause you got real horny
and that aint cool at four in the morning
started undressing the ho
got to the drawers and the fox said, "no!
not on the first date
its getting kinda late, could you come back at eight?"
you said "yeah!" cause you thought you met a wholesome fox
but fella, she know you rolling in some dough
and youll regret and something bout a bitch you just met
dont trust em!




dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—, dont—
dont—, dont— (who do i trust? who do i trust?)
dont—, dont—, dont— (me! thats who!)
dont—, dont— (who do i trust? who do i trust?)
dont—, dont— (me! thats who!)
never trust a big butt bitch! (ooh)
never trust a big butt bitch! (ooh)
never trust a big butt bitch! (ooh)
never trust a big butt bitch! (ooh)




eight oclock on the dot, fellas hot
dick hard as a rock
straight on a solo creep
cant wait till her little boy go to sleep
so you can seduce the g
bust a nut and make an excuse to leave
you got her worked out cause you the man
but the bitch got diffrent plans
she said "take off your clothes, jump in the bed"
while she powder her nose
you get butt naked
cause you ready to wreck it
cause you a motherfucking pro, next thing you know
the door flies open with a blast
with four fellas in ski masks
pointing a gun at the pimp
youre scared as a motherfucker and jimmy done went limp
they beat you down just a taste
take ya to your house and make ya open up the safe
drove you far, tied up in the trunk of your own fucking car
take you out and pop the cap
i told you the bitch was a trap
dont trust em!






(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
dont trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
you cant trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
dont trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch!)
(ice cube comin atcha with a crazy pitch)
you cant trust no (bitch! bitch! bitch! bitch!)






dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—
dont—, dont—
dont—, dont— (who do i trust? who do i trust?)
dont—, dont—, dont— (me! thats who!)
dont—, dont— (who do i trust? who do i trust?)
dont—, dont— (me! thats who!)




who do i trust? who do i trust?
me! thats who!
who do i trust? who do i trust?
me! thats who!




1234567890987654321






pay attention
pay attention
pay attention
pay attention
hey motherfuckin cube, what the fucks wrong with you?
you didnt kick the rest of that gangsta fairytale shit
why dont you kick it one good time?
fellas on the playground wanna know whats happenin
you left em hangin, man, what the fuck?




little boy blue is outta folsom
now them three little pigs gotta roast him
driving down sesame street and i bet
that little motherfuckers out fucking smurfette
aint saw the wolf yet, but its no doubt
theyll catch his ass slipping at his grandma house
they got the mac10 pointed out the coupe
cause they gotta follow they nose like fruit loops
peeped out little miss muffet on her tuffet eating grits
she saw the mac10 and the bitch had the shits
ran into her house, called up her crew
cause red riding hood wants to kill little boy blue
and the wolf too, what is mister rogers doing?
moved out his jordan, bought him a ewing
him, little boy blue and the wolf in the cellar
planning on getting cinderella
cause cinderella still works for the pigs
through with the dwarfs, fucking bebes kids
now snow white got the hornyass beaver
fucking the beautys beast like jungle fever
now the words on the street
when the crews meet, you better make some fucking room
cause its on with the pigs and them other nigs
when the cow jump over the moon, everybody jump




jump, jump, jump, jump
jump, jump, jump, jump (everybody)
jump, jump, jump, jump
jump, jump, jump, jump




now little boy blue is up front
with the nine millimeter, ready for the hunt
little red riding hood caught his ass slipping
drew down on the boy cause the bitch is set tripping
about to get loose with the deucedeuce
thats when the boy said, "what about the gang truce?"
the little ho had no words
the wolf came around and the bitch got served
three little pigs bought wigs
dressed like sheep, cinderella is little bo peep
trying to creep on the crew
the wolf, the rogers, the blue, they through
cause the pigs did the buckbuckbangping
now you hear the fat lady sing
cinderella ran like a bitch
to the pay phone cause the bitch is still a snitch
now the pigs are caught by the pigs and taken
in the pen to get fried like bacon
you still cant trust no ho
and ice cubell tell the kids how the stories should go






yeah cube, man that shit was dope, fella
you all that and a bowl of grits, fella, that shit was on props, fella
yeah, thats how you kick that shit for the ninetydeuce, fella
whats happening, fella?
yeah, fella, thats gangsta fairytale part 2 fella
yall trickass fellas cant fuck with it




1234567890987654321




yeah, word is bond
das efx in this, you know what im sayin?
straight from the sewer, word is bond
yeah, yah, ah, yeah
we doing this with my fella
where my fella ice cube in the motherfucker?
word is bond, yeah




you better check yo self before you wreck yo self
cause im bad for your health
i come real stealth
dropping bombs on your moms
fuck car alarms
doing foul crime, im that fella wit yo alpine
sold it for a sixo, always let tricks know
and friends know, we got the indo
no, im not a sucker sitting in a house of pain
and no, im not the butler, ill cut ya
headbutt ya, you say you cant touch this
and i wouldnt touch ya; punk motherfucker
here to let you know boy, oh boy
i make dough, but dont call me doughboy
this aint no fucking motion picture
a guy or bitcha, my fella get wit cha, and hit you
taking that yak to the neck, so you better run a check




so come on and chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self
chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self, boy!
yeah, come on and check yo self before you wreck yo self
cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health




micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!)
micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!)




tricks wanna step to cube and then they get played
cause they bitchmade, pulling out a switchblade
thats kinda trifle cause thats a knife, ho
ak47, assault rifle
hold the fifty, im nifty, pow!
i got a new style (watch out now!)
i hate motherfuckers claiming that they folding bank
but steady talking shit in the holding tank
first, you wanna step to me?
now your ass screaming for the deputy
they send you to charliebakerdenver row
now they runnin up in you slow
youre gone, used to be the don juan (check that shit out!)
now your name is just twan
switchin, snappin, rollin your eyes and neck
you better run a check






so chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self
come on and check yo self before you wrickitywreck yo self
so chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self
cause big dicks up yo ass is bad for ya health




micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!)
micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!)




if youre foul, you better run a make on that license plate
you coulda had a v8
instead of a treeight slug to the cranium (pow!)
i got six and im aimin em
will i shoot or keep you guessing?
cause fuck you and that shit youre stressing
bitch, get off the wood, youre no good
there goes the neighborhood hooker (slut!)
go ahead and keep your drawers
giving up the claps and who needs applause
at a time like this, pop the coochie and you dead
the bitch is a miami hurricane head
sprung, fellas call her lips & lungs
nappy dugout, get the fuck out!
cause women like you gets no respect
bitch, you better run a check






so chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self
so chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self (yeah)
come on and check yo self before you wrickitywreck yo self
cause bitches like you is bad for my health




micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!), come again, check it, yeah
micmicmicrophone check (one, two! check it!), come again, check it, yo




chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self
you better chickitycheck yo self before you wreck yo self, boy
i said check yo self before you wrickitywreck yo self (check, check)




micmicrophone check
micmicrophone check (check it, one, two!)
micmicrophone check (one, two!)
micmicrophone check (check it, one, two, one, two!)
micmicrophone check (one, two!)
micmicrophone check (check it, one, two!, one, two!)
micmicrophone check (one, two)
micmicrophone— (check yo self cube, check yo self cube, check yo self )




1234567890987654321






see if theres a blackandwhite that can do a driveby
people are gonna have to die on this one
as long as it aint me ahead, i dont give a shit, just part of the job
are you resisting arrest?
i havent beaten anyone this bad in a long time
ah, come on, those beatings, those people were resisting arrest! (uh)
when we get together, doin our thing
in order to help each other




driving down the motherfuckin highway
the flyway, "hey, bitch, you goin my way?"
now i got a passenger
i looked at the miniskirt, and im askin her
"would you like to hit the fat bud?
or perhaps can i run your name through the mud?
i mean, are you giving up the nappy dugout?"
she said, "no," "well then, get the fuck out!
cause i know where the foxs be fiendin
plus your fat ass got my sixdeuce leanin"
bust a u on the avenue
why, oh, why, it aint shit to do
bumping sir jinxs latest mix
and you thought that shit played out in 86
looking for my dogs
looked up in the mirror, being followed by the hogs
one times on my motherfucking line
why the fuck the swine had to get behind a fella like me?
they must think its a g
they both walked up with the gloc
(get out of the car! there was a robbery; the fella looked just like you!
all right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks!)
started they investigation:
no drivers license, no registration
when i stepped out the car, they slammed me
goddamn yall, who got the camera?






"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
who got the camera?
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"




no lights, no camera, no action
and the pigs wouldnt believe that my slave name is jackson
he said, "dont lie to me!
im looking for john, matty, or spike lee"
the motherfuckers called for backup
i guess they planned to beat the mack up
he called me a sillyass thug
and pulled out his billyass club
tearing up my coupe looking for the chronic
goddamn, nobody got a panasonic?!
found an empty can of old gold
came around and put my ass in a choke hold
fucked around and broke my pager
then they hit a fella with a taser
the motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me
i fell to the ground and said, "lord, have mercy!"
they hit me in the face, yall
but to them, it aint nothin but (just a friendly game of baseball)
crowd stood around; i said, "god damn ya!
who got the camera?"






"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
who the fuck got the camera?
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"




i knew when i saw that deputy smirkin
that they was gonna put some work in
mr law had to hit me in the jaw
cause i called them faggots with guns and badges
they played ratatattat on me head
but if i had the gattygatgat, theyd be dead
a victim of a big fat 187
and little devils dont go to heaven
last night it was eleven, but they wasnt scaring me
so they tried the flashlight therapy
i looked at the black one, call him a traitor
i dont give a fuck if you got a beta!
just take my fucking picture
so i can go downtown and pitch a bitch about
the one that called me a spook
his name is officer david duke
if the crowd wasnt around, he wouldve shot me
tried to play me out like my name was rodney
fucking police gettin badder
cause if i had a camera, the shit wouldnt matter (bitch!)




uhh, who got my nine?
who got my nine?
yall done did it this time, heh
who the fuck got my nine?




1234567890987654321






speaking as a black man from america, which is a racist society, no matter how much you hear it talk about democracy, its as racist as south africa or as racist as portugal, or as racist as any other racialist society on this earth the only difference between it and southafrica: southafrica preaches separation and practices separation; america preaches integration and practices segregation this is the only difference they dont practice what they preach, whereas southafrica preaches and practices the same thing i have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if hes wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil




i dont agree with him because im not a follower of muhammad myself i think that all people have been mistreated in some form or another, but i dont agree with him; i dont follow muhammad i dont think anyone should follow one man; i think they should follow their own conscience i think the main problem of most negroes is that they feel sorry for themselves, and i think this keeps them back much more than they would be if they didnt feel so sorry for themselves




if martin luther king, roy wilkins or any of these compromising negroes who say exactly what the white man wants to hear is interviewed anywhere in the country, you dont get anybody to offset what they say but whenever a black man stands up and says something that white people dont like, then the first thing that white man does is run around and try and find somebody to say something to offset what has just been said this is natural, but it is done




you know what i think? i just think youve given up (given up on what?) on the ideal of an integrated america, the dream of martin luther king, i think youve given up this is not, im not trying to be a smart alec, im telling you honestly that i think youve given up




you know, its interesting how white folks sit here thinking that i have a reason to lie to you, as though you are so powerful, and you are so wonderful, and i am so ashamed of my words, that i have to twist and turn please youre not dealing with that kind of man youre dealing with a man who means what he says and says what he means now listen


1234567890987654321






good evening
police, do not attempt to adjust your radios, there is nothing wrong
we have taken control over this city as to bring you this special bulletin
and we will return this motherfucker to you
as soon as the national guard move in




the cops wanna catch the fella that wont fetch
but ill blast ya, never call ya master
who is that kickin up shit much faster?
rollin on a scooter, you know i might do ya
see a black cop and my buckshots run right through ya
i never knew ya
cause im not a trick
you can suck the biggitydick, im not the piggitypig
i get away quickityquick on a plane to south central
never get played by the monkey wrench ho
steady mobbin, im just like robin hood
up to no good, so many bitches on my wood
to the right of me and to the left of me
bitch, i got so much game i need a referee
throw a penalty of ass interference
damn, yall over me, so bitch, get on the bench
here comes the cops, so i better hit the fence
better run fast cause the dobermans pinch
and i wont play mine in the daytime
goddamn, here comes the canine
fourlegged copper that wants to use ice cube as a whopper
but whos the first fella to outrun a chopper?
no lie, say hi to the bad guy




fuck (hey guys, where ya headed?)
nowhere, man (got your license and registration?)
yeah, hold up, right here (hey, whats in that box back there?)
nah, nothin, nothin (they happen to be donuts?)
huh? (ya got a glazed donut? how bout a bear claw?)
uh (if you dont have one, i gotta gaffle ya)
what? you gon gaf— damn




see one time, hit em up
cause you know the lench mob is down to get em up
people think ice cube roll with the gangs
cause im in a coupe thats sittin on thangs
aint gotta tell me twice about the jack
see, i got a 9 in my lap to take care of that
caps get peeled on the regular
cause fellas try to get me for my cellular
knickknack, paddywack, the mack daddys back
kidnappin foxs like the patty hearst jack
have the white ho with a 44
go rob a liquor store, they cant blame it on a fellaro
bring the money to the rooster
had a bitch in the mall bein a booster
damn, cant stand when the bitch get sent to sybil brand
and come back a man
you wanna point the finger at me cause the og
is souped like chef boyardee
humpin, jumpin, had the place jumpin
goddamn, gotta break you off somethin
you wanna know why i bust and how (clickclick)
now look at you now
huh, and im out real fast
get the paper out your ass, baby
yo, here we go, listen to the pro
shoot the bobo and act like ya know, ho
fuck with the flow and die
when i walk by, say hi to the bad guy




cmon, man, its just one left (ill make a deal with ya)
what? (ahh, ya got one of those powdered donuts?)
how bout that twister?
if it have cream in the middle, im gonna have to gaffle ya!
you gon gaffle us? (hey, can i reach back there and get one?)
uh, yeah, homie
go on and reach your head in (we got a lot of donuts left)
duck your head in there, man
*gunshots*
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?
what kind of a cop killer are you?